CH4 Red Sparks vs Pink Spiders
Whether it ends in Daejeon or Incheon, the 4th game of the championship match between the two teams will begin now. In the last Game 3, the players of both teams really played a historic match.
Decent Dute 36-34 super-contest eventually succeeded in setting a new record for all-time Force season votes.
At that time, he did not win the deuce set, but Jeong Kwan-jang's players showed miraculous power thanks to the support of such hot home fans. Most of the main players are injured, so normally
It was difficult, but with miraculous power, he won a dramatic victory. Heungkuk Life Insurance players, who had only one win left until the championship, had to swallow their disappointment
In particular, it began to falter as the third promotion mistake increased, and today I tried to win the championship once again. Please watch with us from now on how the game of Game 4 between the two teams is going to be even hotter.
Then, connect the relay seat. Yes, announcer Kim Se-yeon opened the door to the game today.
Dodram 204,255 V-League articles of association, Leve Sparks, and Heungkuk Life's Pink Spiders
We'll be with you from now on for the 4th game of the V League Women's Championship. I'm castor Yoon Seong-ho. We will be with commentator Chanho and Chan Sanghyun. Hello Yes, hello? Yes
Oh, the one that unfolded just two days ago
Championship Game 3 between the two teams
During the broadcast, lawmaker Cha Sang-hyun said that. Superhuman strength, our mind, controls our bodies.
The game that made me talk about this
It was just the day before yesterday. That's right. It was the best game ever
The fans who watched this game on site said they were almost the winners
It was both teams that showed good performance. That's right.
So at one point, it was 36 to 34
When you look at the set of the V League championship game
There was also a new record for the most points.
First of all, what's in the corner today is Jeonggwanjang
Heungkuk Life still has some time to spare
Just like Han Shin from a country used to be for both teams
Wouldn't we be playing this game today with a great deal of camp? That's right. Yes, I want to wrap up today's game with Heungkuk Life
Since it's like this, it's probably Jeonggwanjang who wants to go all the way to Incheon.
That's why we can't finish this series at home today
On the other hand, from Heungkuk Life Insurance's perspective
I said that there's no Incheon
I actually started this series. That's right. First of all, both teams
Physically, it's definitely a situation where I can't help but feel pressure
It's natural for Director Jeong to take some more of that burden
Heungkuk Life Insurance's championship match starts on the 30th
Since today is the 6th, it's the best day in a week
It's been four games. Yes, physically, to some extent
It even came to a situation where we were confronted. Besides, except for the first game
Game 2, Game 3, Down 5 sets soon
I've played 10 sets in the last two games. That's right
If it's just a regular league, mental and other factors
It might not be as physically connected as now, but yes
The pressure to win only 100% now will definitely work.
It's a difficult situation in many ways. That's right.
You can check the results of the 3rd match of the championship game from the set score
It was more than that. Oh, that's right It's a set... Win or lose... It's a good thing
I'm sure there are things like winning rate
Other parts also clearly played a role. That's right. National center who missed the second round of the last playoff game with a right knee injury
Yeom Hye-sun showed her dream in the game on the day before yesterday
We decided to play the game until the end. All the time
The final score of the 2nd set duel is 36 to 34
The set score will continue in Director Jung. Heungkuk Life Insurance
It was a set that changed from Heungkuk Life to Jeonggwanjeong. That's right. While we were doing the broadcast, we focused on each and every ball
But there were situations where we couldn't do it, and Heungkuk Life took the 2nd set That's right. In the end, the last champion's decision
Just like in the second round
After Heungkuk Life won the second set, another reverse swing as it completely recovered the 345 sets of Jeonggwanjang, which showed an unbelievable game
It created a game. Right, we'll continue to
I can't help but say it's the best game ever
Heungkuk Life won the 12th game and won the 12th set, so just one set
If I won the set, I could've lifted the trophy
I'm not good enough for that one set
Eventually, we came to the fourth round. That's right.
As expected, Megawati Putlin's boyfriend is here today
I get to support my girlfriend. Coincidentally, my boyfriend came
When you cheered for us on the spot, the mega power of the athlete
He showed the best performance in the championship game. He scored 16 points in the second set of Game 3, the most in a course season
In fact, it's a great record because 12th place is Betty from Jace Caltex
There was a record of showing the championship match against IBK Industrial Bank. Right, I remember this mega player
Of course, it was ranked No. 1 in attack success rate during the regular season. Yes, if you look at the first round
There was a bit of a disappointing attack rate and scoring, but yes
When it's important, A.C.E
I'm the player who always plays his role when I have to. That's right. Soon
The player who exploded with Mega
You could pick Banya Bukirich
The players who are playing on the court right now, including yellow Yeom Hye-sun, Park Eun-jin, too
There are few players who are not injured but fit. That's right. Well
We can't take out one player, Yellow.
I'm getting painkillers because of my back injury
You can see that receiving is a bit shaky
The strong mentality that you won't just eat as much as you do in the back
It's the yellow player who's showing you. Before the 3rd round match on the day before yesterday
I didn't get a painkiller shot
I'll put everything into the game
I did it with that determination. That's right. I can see it on the screen
I think I'll start today, too. When I see the movement
First of all, it doesn't seem to have much impact.
Director Ko Hee-jin and Avon-ja
He's the coach who wants to finish today's game, but in the third game
6 in 3 sets, 8 in 4 sets
As Cha Sang-hyun said earlier, as mistakes were made in the most important set
I didn't win that one set, so I came to Game 4 today until Sunday. That's right. In the end, Heungkuk Life Insurance
In terms of mistakes, Heungkuk Life is the only team that plays the most salty volleyball
The number of mistakes is more than the articles of incorporation
There were two more. And 3 of us have 25 Bumsik
Director Jeong made 23 mistakes
Director Jeong always made a lot of mistakes
There wasn't much damage because we're a team
For Heungkuk Life, it's a really painful mistake
Yes, and what you can see is that there was an offbeat
Of course, Kim Hyun-kyung scored only three points in the fourth set, but the attack success rate is
It went up a lot more than in the third set.
But in the 4th set, he didn't win Heungkuk Life
I went up to the 5th set. Yes, it's completely different from the second round
Kim Yeon-koung showed a pattern in the 2nd round
He scored 21 points
As such a situation unfolded, he eventually lost a game to the president of the articles of association. That's right.
Kim Yeon-koung is also in her mid-30s, so she's recovering
You might be worried about the speed, so with Kim Yeonkyung
For Heungkuk's life, more than that, in this fourth game today
I need to finish this series. Before today's game, we're going to talk about Ko Heejin and Avon Dacha
Announcer Kim Se-yeon met.
Let's meet the director of Jeonggwanjang, Ko Hee-jin. As the players showed their fighting spirit, they played a really dramatic game. Surely the atmosphere seems to have been revived a lot since the last game?
Your mood has been revived, but I'm sad because the players seem to be having a hard time, but there are thoughts that the players will never give a winning profile at home
I think I'll show my fighting spirit again today.
Yes, it was a game where I really felt the will of the players. In the last game, in the clutch situation
Bukirich also showed a remarkable revival.
Are you feeling better?
Yes, I think Bukrich has a little less pressure on his ankle now. And
I'm gaining confidence in the attack
As I always say, our coach Kim Jung Hwan
I'm paying attention to both sides. On the offensive side
I hope Bukirich will do well today as well.
Yes, and to solidify this atmosphere as it is, we need to gain the upper hand from the beginning. What kind of attack do we need today?
Tactically, it's hard to ask for anything from the players right now. But the serve
If we get a good serve, Heungkuk Life will definitely have a lower attack success rate
Then I think a good game will come out.
Yes, we look forward to a great game today. I promise to work hard at it.
We met director Chung and director Ko Hee-jin.
Let's meet the director of Heungkuk Life Insurance. He won 12 sets, but unfortunately he couldn't bring a victory. Where do you think the game was decided in the last game?
Yes, even if a crisis comes at such a moment, the role of the center is inevitably important to get back to the center. What kind of order did you place on Lee Goeun?
Yes, and in order to end this match today, we need to take the momentum from the beginning. What kind of play do you think it should be?
Yes, I look forward to a great match today. We met the director of Heungkuk Life Insurance.
It was head coach Ko Hee-jin and Marcello Abondaga, who are in the camp of drainage. the articles of association that laid the groundwork for the reversal.
The home winning rate is 68.4% this season, and the away winning rate of Heungkuk Life Daejeon, which is said to be the final destination of the championship, is 50%.
However, you just refer to these new medical data. That's right. First of all, you have to be patient with the current situation
It is now very important which team will take the lead in this early atmosphere in today's game. That's right. With superhuman strength, the mind controls the body.
Jeong Kwan-jang This is Kim Yeon-koung, the volleyball king of the last dance who dreams of a happy ending for Red Sparks Mega Heungkuk Life. Jeong Kwan-jang Heungkuk Life Heungkuk Life Insurance and Jeong Kwan-jang's women's championship match in the fourth round
I'll be with you in a little while. This is Daejeon.
Do you know why Dodram Han Don is the number one? Experts keep the freshness, find the best taste, and match all tastes. No. 1 Meister to make Dodram dons
soft money that tastes good to one's taste
Dodrami is the lineup of the 4th game of the championship game between Red Sparks and Heungkuk Life Pink Spiders of the V League. Jeonggwanjang's No. 1 seat setter Yeom Hye-sun, this out-of-the-box cybeater Bania Bukirich No. 3 middle blocker Jung Ho-young
No. 4 Apogee Piker Mega Auburn Outside Heater Pyo Seung-joo, No. 6 Middle Blocker Park Eun-jin's yellow Rivero, No. 1 spot in Heungkuk Life Biddle Blocker Kim Soo-jin. This Apogee Piker To To Burj Three Outside Heater Jung Hyun-joo Sabon Middle Blocker Anili Speech
No. 5 setter Lee Veterans' No. 6 outside heater Kim Hyun-kyung and Libero Shin Yeon-kyung. As expected, the best line-up of both teams is Jung Eui. Yes
Now, referee Kang Joo-hee and assistant referee Choi Sung-kwon were assigned to the fourth match of the championship decision today. Kim Kyung-hoon and Lee Kwang-hoon, the referee, will be with you.
Look at the momentum right now
From what I see, Jeong Kwan-ja is at its peak.
Game 3... Let's try to solve the crisis in that difficult situation
It's a sweet soy sauce that I've overcome
First of all, the atmosphere looks good, but Heungkuk Life is not easy. That's right.
That's why today's game
The team that wins the first set
Looking at the overall picture, I think it will be a very important factor. That's right. First of all, I told you in advance.
Again, this physical part definitely works to some extent, so the atmosphere at the beginning of the first set is quite important. That's right.
Heungkuk Life Insurance's Pinks Virus Leading the Series With 2 wins and 1 loss
With today's match, Kim Su-ji became the most participant in a V-League postseason ever. The 52nd game
It's going to hit and fall. Bukirich scores the first attack of Bukirich. That's why today's Jeonggwanjang
It's a very meaningful first score. Right. First of all, Voceris
Game 3 began to pick up from the third set and eventually caught the game. Yeah
Boo-Carrie, who had a twist in the last game
Jung Yoon takes it back at once. Yes
We start with Jung Yoon-joo's first score. If you look at Jung Yoon personally, he has actually grown enough to take charge of one left seat in the national team along with his rapid growth this season.
That's right. It's a one-on-one tie. One-handed connection, see-through, beag. This is a tie
You can't hold this ball. When the score starts to be scored in the pitch scoring movement attack, the brokers of the articles of association are having a hard time. Yes, it's good in the beginning. That's right.
At this time, Yeom Hye-sun's center went up too long to catch the ball. It's actually not a big deal if there's no pressure on that knee, but yes, I'm having quite a hard time because of my knee injury. Lee Yeon-seok will make poetry difficult. high-cheeked
Memo players also make first base points. Jung Kwan-jang's fans now know, but if the success rate of Lee Mega and Bookies' one-two punch falls to a certain extent, Heungkuk Life will be the winner. Right.
Mega's Score 2 to 2 Third Place Kim Hyun-kyung and Lee Bo-eun go to tight. Take
It's one of the Heungkuk Life patterns that Park Eun-jin likes to use, and Park Eun-jin waited very long. It was an accurate reading block for the pipe attack on the pitch right now. That's right. Now
To some extent, I keep all the opposing plays in mind. That's how it's seen. That's right. It was Park Engine who scored 7 points in the third game.
Let's do this again. That's the source. Good
It was a no-mark right now. That's right. Because he had one, Park Eun-jin was in a situation where he kept the other side in check, but Ye Lee Gu-won's stubbornness made one point. That's right.
Lee Go-eun, who took Cho Teuk-ho's pipe once again, goes from yellow south to white time with Jung Yoon-joo, who is tied at 3 to 3 setters.
The voluntary reception was good, and the mega player takes the perfect setting of Yeom Mi-sun Center. Yes, the yellow player showed very stable receiving accuracy. After creating a one-on-one situation, it was Mega's ending.
Turn it over with perspective. Shin Hyun-kyung gets it and number 2 is a bigger rice-out perm room on the left. Oh, Pyo-seung reached out. Rather
It looks like it went out of the line because it didn't fit, but yes, I'm checking the manager. It's a video review of the defensive touch.
The defensive touch is difficult to see in the Korean Life Team, so we asked for a video review of the defender's touchout. Manager Avontanza wants to see if it's a defender touch.
Pyo Seung-joo's left arm on No.3 and No.4 as it deflected off Vectar
The hardest video reading was actually this defender touch house.
Shall we look at it from this side?
It's very difficult. I'm looking at all the front and back screens, and I think this is a situation that only Pyo Seung-joo himself can know.
If the lower court is out, it will be Jeong Kwan-jang's score. Yes, the screen is better visible now. has been identified as touch-out.
I got hit and left. First of all, the defense is very difficult to see, but on a slow screen, I saw a scene where it was slightly bent after being hit by the left hand of the standard player. There is a difference in the trajectory of this ball and a difference in rotation. That's right. Yes
As you sleep, you go to the left creager punt. My teeth are out. Now I hit Tutko on the shoulder in seat 1. That's right. If Lee Goeun didn't hit the ball in the front, the ball would have been pushed toward the end line
Two players hit each other and went out. That's right. First of all, at the beginning of the game, both teams are becoming side-out pack right now. That's right. First of all, my condition isn't bad. I shook Pyo Seung-joo's class briefly. It was hard to draw a line.
I made a difficult connection to the back space, and I'm passing it over. Chance Bowl Jeonggwanjang Yeom Hye-sun Two-Star Fielder Cage Blocking Under-Lind Connection. Shin Hyun-kyung received it from the back and Kim Hyun digs it to the left
You guys have one or two chances coming up, but you keep taking some normal play and making it cool. Yeah
It was a mega that was preparing to block with 5 bindings, but it was a very small space. That's right. a five-to-five tie
Director Marcello Avon complex
The third yellow of this veterans received it, and it was behind the banquet ship Abey stonemason.
There is only a knife line. From the "Sft to Mega Digger" to the server type
Mega player really doesn't get tired. Yes, there was actually only about one or two steps after the defense, but after receiving that space again, he makes it again with a score. That's right.
This aspect is very impressive. Of course, I'm happy that I scored in the end, but it's a score that can inspire my teammates to cheer up. Yes, Park Hyun-jin's defense of 6 to 5 weeks was too long.
Yeom Hye-sun who touches me in the past
Heungkuk Life is not connected right now. I don't know. It came directly to Yeom Hye-sun, but I thought it was possible to cover it
You have to be careful with these cheeks. That's right. First, it didn't become Jung Yoon-joo's lease. Kim Hyun-kyung did not get enough of the second touch. Shin Hyun-kyung comes out to greet Park Eun-jin
How many times did you open this? It's going up too long. From the left, the groove is a large ball attack. Here we go again. Choi Seung-joo scored one step home big hit
Shin Hyunkyung did a great job of choosing the location
The ball almost didn't rotate. How should I say this? They score points by showing the intensity of taking it off with their fists. But Heungkuk Life is one of Kim Yeon-koung's main options
When the 4th seat opens quickly
Actually, I prefer the ball that Kim Hyunkyung puts on the net
It's not just sticking, but it's almost a ball that goes over. That's right. If you move on like that, Kim Hyunkyung might feel a bit overwhelmed
If only half of my cheeks fell off
It's hard to defend because it passes from this side. Yes
Jeong Kwan-jang scored in a row, and now the score is
It was Pyo Seungjoo's underhand pass. In the 2nd block
As Bukirchi continued to talk about Cha Sang-hyun during the third game the day before yesterday, there were many RBIs that hit the ball throughout the game.
Game 3 was like that, and I remember the 2nd game even more when you're holding your 12th set
When Creech's mistake came out
Director Jeong's mood completely dropped
I lost the game. There were 6 mistakes in the 4th set. Like Bukirich
Not only the mental but also the physical content completely collapsed. I used to be a Bukirit player who completely collapsed
It's become a completely different bouquinich. That's right. 8 to 5 3 points
It shakes with the root of the head. Open stone to the left
It's going to hit and fall. First of all, Kim Hyunkyung
It's not that Heungkuk Life hasn't been swayed by receiving, but it's not that they've been shaken
Toogoo Kim Yeon-koung and Jung Yoon-soo
As Triangle Hyundai played an active role
I erased the receiving that was shaking. Yes, we need to quickly erase this.
Jung Ho-young. Perhaps Jung Ho-young is the player who plays more than his role in the center when he enters the championship. That's right. Hoyoung's short fastball score
He is Jung Ho-young, who is not only an attack but also has the power of breaking that he can catch occasionally. In Game 3, it was Jung Ho-young who scored eight points. It's going to be 100 o'clock. It fell behind the ball. But it does. Tutu, tutu
The return of Tutank was not 100%, but yes
It was a little difficult to catch the block because he is a two-to-pee player who uses this wrist well.
Before we go into today's game, Rep. Cha Sung-hyun
The most important thing for Heungkuk Life is
It was about whether Lee Go-eun would take the center stage. That's right. So, when the mental state that we're talking about is shaken
Heungkuk Life can shake the whole thing. Yes, it's Kim Suzy's class. The score is two points apart. Three balls are good
Yeom Hye-sun is a very aggressive choice. I don't know if Heungkuk Life Insurance is intentional right now, but he's targeting the yellow player
You're holding up very well, and Yeom Hye-sun center is taking the overall play well. Right. Vukrich serves right away. Tagger pen dig to the left. Now, counterattack situation. One star big pen
Here we go. We're running away. The bowling play was long to the left. The cloth floats the back space of the fight, Kim Hyun-kyung.
Let's go to the front of the Song Yoon-ju Blocking Cover Bookie Rich. Old Seungju District
Following Key Shin Hyun-kyung's really picturesque defense, Kim Yeon-kyung's last treatment was very far away. Yes, this makes another score.
Wow, it was really picturesque Yellie. That's right. It was quite far away, but I caught it again and moved on. Right, Shin Hyunkyung and Kim Hyunkyung who showed incredible play
I'm getting into the attack line. Yes, how should I say this? The receiving came a little faster, so it didn't come into my hands exactly. The score of 11 to 8 is 3 points
Jung Ho-young's own money
Jung Yoon-joo receives and blocks the mobile attack. Jung Ho-young and Yeom Hye-sun are thin. It's a mega hit with a one-footed shot.
Here we go again. a mobile attack
I got it. Now
Perhaps Park Eun-jin accurately read the pattern of moving attacks and created two-broke. Time Out Heungkuk Life Insurance Co., Ltd
Manager Subundaganda also said that he would hit the serve towards Libero in the middle of the operation, but in the end
Uh, I didn't mean to hit Libero Lorna first, but I think he just turned in that direction. Yeah
The points are Jeong Kwan-jang's players, who continue to target Jung Yoon-joon with a four-point gap between 12 and 8 points. That's right. Here we go again. Jung Yoon-ju, Lee Dong-wook, Tae Cover, who got the score difference, connected with difficulty in the second inning
Open girl hit for a long time
I got it. I got a new one. The light-on is a one-star folk star.
I used a broker, but even if Yeom Hye-sun is in the back, there is no problem at all if her hand doesn't come over the net. I think Avodanza will check this out
You just have to do a video review of the homadae, but do you hold it in for now?
First of all, Kim Hyun-kyung is talking to referee Kang Joo-hee. This is enough to ask.
If you're in doubt, you can read it. Right, Kim Hyunkyung is
Since Kim Soo-ji is out, she is playing the role of captain and asking referee Ye Kang Joo-hee for now. That's right. Only the captain can play among the players on the court. Yes, if you get out of the argument
The second captain is Kim Yeon-koung right now, so he can limit himself.
For your information, Yeom Hye-sun setter was in a later situation. That's right. Yes
With Heungkuk Life Insurance's appeal play continuing, the game was suspended for a while. Yes, manager Avonjada is drawing a square and asking for a video review
Choi Sung-kwon said it's unacceptable timing. It's because it was a mid-rally situation. That's right. The score of 3 to 8 is 5 points. Jung Ho Young's serve
I take it underhand and go with this type. It's a line line. Two, two
Heungkuk Life succeeded in a side-out with a lot of difficulty.
If you look at it, the big option is to have a pipe in the middle. It's actually too fast for your side brokers to participate, so it's hard, but if you can't cover the defense from the back, just
It's a pipe that leads directly to the dot. That's right. 9 to 13 Jung Yunju's Sog No. 6 spot
When you look at the movement of the setter, Hyum Hye-sun, it looks lighter than the third game. Yes, I'm using Park Eun-jin in front of me and behind Jung Ho-young.
It was a little bit of a distance, but it's perfect with the success of the bag. Mega's class 9 to 14 Biffen Blocked Out to the Left
In the end, as long as the ball that goes up toward Kim Hyun-kyung is easily scored, it is actually the easiest score because Yeom Hye-sun is in the front. Right.
In addition, Heungkuk Life Insurance also intensively targets this part when Yeom Hye-sun passes three previous positions. That's right. a gaseous cut
The rear attack pitch of the robbery spreads in the South Sea. Direct King
Pyo Seung-joo made a point, but it's a shame that the pitch player's defensive control is very disappointing. Yes, director Ko Heejin
The score is 5 points apart. In a way, it's an invisible mistake. That's right. The rebound was this good. Yes
It's a back-to-back score. Jung Yunjoo's receiving is a bit shaky in the first set
It's okay if this doesn't come out perfectly, but yes, if you allow the score like this, the pressure will inevitably increase. That's right. After winning the reverse sweep in the third round
Jeong Kwan-jang's tremendous momentum continues at the beginning of Game 4 today. That's right. First of all, the first set is not over yet, but it seems to have succeeded to some extent. Yes, Hyo Seungjo's serve ace
I keep making Jung Yoon-joo difficult with a target serve. It doesn't seem like a strong serve, but to be a completely clumsy player
It is also somewhat physically distant. The hardest part is actually the lower body. If you don't support your lower body, it could shake like now. We'll have to wait and see
Jung Yoon-joo seems to be getting a little physical damage. Before recording a serve ace a little while ago, Pyo Seung-joo used to show his sincerity in the ball to hit his serve. back-to-back serve by the winner
It goes into the red of the 2nd ball. It's an Egon center that's taking the option of the rear rather than the option of the transfer inside the line.
First of all, Heungkuk Life is
I'm going to make a more central point in my previous play
What changes do we need to make to find it? First of all
I think Kim Soo-jin's moving attack should also come out clearly. Jeong Jin's reception is
You have to hold on to play. Right. It's the first Lunar New Year's Day, but if you look at it the other way, Yeom Hye-sun setter
When I come up to this side, I'm using both Jung Ho-young and Park Eun-jin in the center
Since the lease fee is shaking
I can see Duke Peach's moving attack right now, but yes
At the bottom, Kim Soo-jin's attack share is almost nonexistent now. That's right.
It's an important tool to see how much Kim Soo-ji can be used in the middle. Shin In-jae is shaking. Kim Su-ji's acting, one-star Kim Yeon-koung is the base. There's more. JUNG HOYOUNG's receiving
Heungkuk Life Insurance is a little disappointed because it's shaken and you can't play and get blocked. Heungkuk Life Time Out
You're not under any pressure. You're supposed to hit the serve or whatever you want
There are a lot of factors to catch that game, but based on the overall flow of the first set, Coach Avon Daza
We talked about the importance of serving once again. That's right. Compared to Heungkuk Life Insurance, which does not play, Jeong Kwan-jang's play is doing so well, so he emphasizes that the strength of the serve should be clearly increased. That's right. Shin In Jae's serve is back again. Jung Yun Ju
You get two balls in front of the long and big consecutive hits and give them to the back of the ticket. Two-step, five-event ball, four-carry south of the line. Since it's coming into the air
Heungkuk Life seems to be a little embarrassed in the first set. Yes, the score also proves the content. That's right. It's almost 3 li breaking right now, but I'm drilling it again. Yes
19 to 11
Shin Eun-ji has been attractive since her third consecutive appearance.
Two minutes later, the Fever fan touch out 2 to four touches and the Yes touch is Heungkuk Life of a mistake. Now, the score for the first set is Sco-A
The atmosphere has completely shifted to director Jeong. That's right. After the attack, he hit four strokes without being centered. That was also before the ball was dead. That's right. I'm very confident in my 20s and 11th consecutive class.
You've completely found your confidence. Kim Hyun-kyung paint pancakes Oh, my feet won't fall off.
First, Kim Hyunkyung made a score
Heungkuk Life Insurance's play is
It's not coming out at all
In a way, I have no choice but to see a situation where I am making a hard score. That's right.
Kim Hyun-kyung succeeds in a side-out with exquisite paint
Heungkuk Life Insurance needs to target its serve. That's right. 12 to 20 Kim Hyunkyung's Third
That's right. The serve is good. Shake a lot. To the left, Pokey Reach. Okay
After all, it's this. When you shake the opponent's receiver to some extent, breaking, the longest that Heungkuk Life has, comes out. I like Jungchan's comment on the tie-out. It's right away
Hoyoung, so when Yeon-kyung serves two-took, you always have to prepare short ones. Until the end of the series, go to sleep
When Yeon-kyung serves well, connect her well and do a short caba for a few seconds. See? I told you I'm going to give you a tip. I'm going to give you a tip from today. I'm skipping it
Let's go.
The coaches and players of both teams already know how to target through meetings or video analysis. Yes, but that
It's a fight like whether you can hold out and catch it or not, but the timing was very good now. That's right. In addition, head coach Ko Yoo-jin said Kim Hyun-kyung will mix a lot of consecutive hits as well as hitting from Game 4 today That's what I said. That's right. I'm going to the left.
Wow, Bukirich
I'm fully back from the second half of the last Game 3. The scariest thing is that the biggest strikers, especially Bukrich, have a basic height
You're not a higher jumper than those who just jump. That's right. Then how should I say this all the time? A jumper who jumps like a leveller has less physical burden than a player who runs a lot. That's right. You can't hit Shin Hyun-kyung's pass. JUNG HO YOUNG got the chance ball
It's the first ball from the kite. This is a beag
Jung Yoon-joo's chance timing came once again, but Yeom Hye-sun once again chose Jung Woo-young, but was countered. Jung Yoon-joo knows that the two-broking is coming perfectly and pushes and hits it accurately. That's right.
Jung Yoon-ju, who pushes for a long time, is Jung Yoon-jun, the second player in today's game. He's playing his 52nd post-season game of all time
Now, Yeom Hye-sun setter is actually increasing the market share toward Bookies rather than Mega in the first set. Yes, I'm director Ko Won-jin who asks for a video review. Oh, the beach player is really high. Choi Hong-ryeon is really good.
The articles of association team requested a video review of Netachi. You have requested a video review of the touchnet.
After 3 blockers come up
The ball was quickly heading to the ground. It has been confirmed as a winning move. Yes, it wasn't touchnits. I don't see the net shaking at all. Your score is 15 to 21
Kim Hyun-kyung, who was sharing Ando's high-fives, pitch Kim Soo-jil serve after pitching
We're going to Yeom Hye-sun's Baek-si. It's done after the facial mask.
I opened it to the yellow left and held a zigzag step mega. Take it out in a straight line. So, when the game goes well, even if the connection goes up a little dull, the Mega and Bookies score easily. Right.
Just like now, yes, set 1 is exactly like that right now. Yes, the straight side was completely open right now. That's right. Yes Petrich's serve error came in low, but the ball was pushed too far. Yes
Actually, Bucherix covered it a bit
On that day, when you're feeling something up and down
I'm the type that gets influenced
In the case of the day before yesterday, it was said that it was difficult because of that. That's right. Directors and colleagues on the court, too
It was a situation where I had no choice but to be self-conscious. Right.
Now, it's off the line again. Rather, I can see Jeong Kwan-jang's players a little anxious now. Yes
Now, 17 to 225
It was an underhand pass in the kite, and Mega's offense that turned diagonally
Lee Hye-rim is now in the position of Lee Go-eun, reinforcing the height. That's right. Now, let's see where Jeong Kwan-jang will go on the attack course after the resig.
The reception is shaky. I can't hit the center rear attack. It wasn't easy for Lee Hye-rim to connect after receiving the chance ball. Sung Yunjoo's drumming streak
Dockerich's left
Seungjoo Cho's eye makeup cover. Mega eye makeup cover with yellow maxi
Let's go again, Yeom Hye-sun. The connection between the sale team and the situation of hitting with the left foot was a little dull right now. Heungkuk Life Insurance Co., Ltd
As Lee Dong-hoon went out, a chance ball came once, but the sign of the connection was not right, and he was countered. Yes, this ball was shorter than the exact connection, but in the end, Mega scores with his individual skills.
That's right. 23 to 17 In fact, from the current trend, it was a valuable side-out score for Jeong Kwan-jang. That's right. If this had gone to Heungkuk Life, it could have been a little difficult in the first set. Jung Soojin's sub
In order to eventually create this score in the front of the moving attack line, the pitch player continued to attempt the moving attack from the beginning of the first set. That's right. Especially from the beginning of today's game
This setter used a lot of pitch movement attack options. Right.
Park Soo-hyun, the game changer, is coming in. You have to tap Park Soo-hyun and Su-ah, who came into Jung Yoon-joo's position, with a strong serve of 18 to 23. Right, Park Suhyun. Good Corky Reitch, by chance
Here we go. The time difference is coming in, and the mega on the Lina side is coming in short, but even though Kim Hyun-kyung noticed and moved inside together, the RBI doesn't drop at all.
That's right. Kim Hyun-kyung also took a step forward. Yes, you bend your wrist toward the long course again. Representative Cha Sang-hyun explained that, so I can see the movement of Kim Hyun-kyung, who leaves the straight line empty and follows it. That's right.
The girl is Ahn Yerim Jung's generous 3 points
The initial position of Mega's servitude is long. A chance to finish the set. After An Yerin's center, she didn't breathe, but she couldn't pass it over. Aha, I'm not sure. First of all, Ahn Hyerim
I think I felt a little burdened. Again, setter Yeom Hye-sun is going in. It was a perfect chance, but I fell back too much. Yes
19 to 24
Choi Hyun-ji is also here. That's right. He is Choi Hyun-ji, who has three serve aces in the championship alone. Yes, I met him before today's game and Choi Hyun-ji said that. I wish I had a stronger serve earlier
He said it's a bummer. It's strong. Choi Hyunjae's serve is good. Light phager tek. Long distance tek
Lee Goeun, Kim Hyunkyung, take care of your ears
First of all, Chae Won-ji's sub-tempo was successful. It's director Ko Heejin who breaks the rhythm
Let's focus on the connection. If the ball sticks, we can do the next one, but it can't fall off too much. I like that one
It's Hye-sun. There's nothing complicated. Always ready to connect with the most basic play. Ready to connect
It's best to stick to the basics. Yes, right now, if you succeed one out of four times, you will now take the first set. Right, Choi Eun Ji is trying to serve right now
Whether to take it strongly or not, the short side can be attacked now, but this sub is very important. That's right. Jeong Kwan-jang is only one point away from winning the set, and he is behind Choi Hyun-ji in his 20s and 24s.
Uh, a sub mistake. Try hard while doing a strategy time. Yes, Choi Hyun-jin tried more boldly because such a plan could have been made. That's right.
Jung Kwan Jang Lansparks to win the first set at home in Game 4 of today's championship game. I'll see you in a little while. It's Daejeon.
Do you know why money is the number one?
Experts keep the freshness, find the best taste, and match all tastes. The Meister Who Makes Money with a Board Favourite Taste Board and Money Age of Youth
It's a perfect age to see the second child. It's the perfect age to get a new job.
Insurance plays a longer role for your longer youth. Samsung Life Insurance Co., Ltd
We are with commentator Cha Sang-hyun at Chungmu Gymnasium in Daejeon. Set 1. In a way, you said that winning the first set is the most important thing in today's game, but Director Jung became the main character.
That's right. First of all, it could be the most important atmosphere and maybe everyone knows about it in today's game, but it seems that Jeong Kwan-jang pushed it a little bit with an attack. Right.
There was little difference in attack success rate
In terms of receiving efficiency, Heungkuk Life's receiving continued to falter until the middle of the first set in the middle of the game. That's right. This part is where Lee Gwon is taking Peach's mobile attack
The breaking height of the Jeonggwanjeong right now is never low because that part of the remaining big strikers is not being done smoothly right now. Yes
I think that's a situation where players eventually take damage. After 20 points, Heungkuk Life had the highest attack success rate, but in fact, the lead that Jeong Kwan-jang held until the middle of the set was narrow
I continued that. That's right. In the end, we set the mood in the beginning
It's the articles of association that I didn't give out until the end of the set. Yes
Through the first set, Mega scored the most points with eight points.
And he made only one mistake, and Bukereich
Heungkuk Life scored four points and failed two times
Kim Hyun-kyung scored six points and showed a flawless game. So overall, I'm taking all the attack options that I can take to both teams, but yes
How should I say this? At the beginning of the set
There were a lot of situations where we hit and hit
In the end, it's about how much you take today for the serve.
Today's game can determine the winner or loser
That's the situation. Right. You're watching the line-up of the 2nd set
Heungkuk Life Insurance's setter Lee Go-hoon starts at the rear 6.
In Jeonggwanjang, Yeom Hye-sun starts at No. 1. That's right.
In fact, director Jung is in the lineup after Yeom Hye-sun has to continue serving
At this time, you have to score the most points in a row. Well, that's inevitable because if you look at the breaking height of the articles of association
You, Bukirich Jung Ho-young took the highest position in Korean women's volleyball
So you have to score four times in a row
That's the situation. Jeonggwanjang, who needs to go to Incheon, needs to finish in Daejeon today
It's Heungkuk Life. Number one sub, Yeom Hye-sun
We will go back to the order of Bulich Jung Ho-young and Mega Pyo Seung-joo Park Eun-jin. For Jaheungguk Life, the beginning of the second set became very important. Yes, let's go with this set.
It's short on the banquet line. Make sure to stand out from the left side
One-handed connection yellow goes over. Double-cleaning on top of the shine-for-like row
Yes Request a video review of the interim rally.
The ball went over in the middle and Lee Dong Hoon went up and got hit
I judged that I was right, and I judged that I was right on my way down. Right.
I requested a video review for a double contact with a lag. It's about double contact with time difference
It's a video review. If it's right, it's a double contact. Yes
Shall we take a look?
I took my hand out and got hit here. After being punched, he comes down with his left hand and goes back up with his right hand.
As a result of the reading, it was confirmed as a double contact. Yes, in the end, it was the content that lawmaker Cha Sang-hyun explained.
First of all, the double contact is definitely correct, but now I'm the director of Avalanche, who is requesting a video review of Overnet. That's right.
I'm asking for a video review of the same rally, but a different element, Overnet
Choi Sung-kwon, the assistant referee, is explaining it with an interpreter. That's right. This is the part about the virtue of justice. Yes
Manager Ko Hee-jin of Jeong Kwan-jang has already read the middle rally
Now, because there was no longer a connection there, the emphasis USIM accepts the parts of this rereading. That's right. If director Ko Hee-jin applied for a video review after the rally ended, not an interim rally
You can bet this on other factors. That's right. Of course, you have to accept it. But it was a mid-term reading now, and because the results came out, we are not accepting additional video readings. That's right. Yes
Heungkuk Life Team has requested additional reading of Overnet.
You can look at it. Yes
In the end, I accepted the video review of Overnet.
Now, when Bukirich's hand touches the ball, there seems to be nothing wrong. The senior results have confirmed that it is not overnet. Bukirich's ball is a close game
If you look at the area where the ball touches the hand, if part of your ball comes over toward the court of the articles of association, it's not Omanet. That's right. In the video review of both teams, joy and sorrow are completely crossed right now. 1 to 0
So in the end, because it was Yeom Hye-sun who was preparing for the stonemason in the front, the pipe in the middle was so low that there was no time to position the defense. That's right.
That's why it's easier to score if you quickly attack the first one. a one-on-one tie
Sua Bank's Kim Soo-jin is going to pay rent after the yellow banquet
Kim Soo-jin's serve was quite good right now, but Yellow was holding up very well. This isn't a bad serve right now. Yes
Now, Sunghyun Cha. Then the first set was already a target serve for this pattern of yellow, but the game continues. It's going to the Pi Seok Ball. Throw a yellow body. I caught it. The ball went over. I grabbed the Payseok ball again
Oh, that's smart.
So, do Heungkuk Life servers need to change the target of the target sub? Yes, if you're not a Bukirich player
If you target Pyo Seungjoo
It may be more effective, but I keep targeting the yellow hand anyway.
Jung Yoon-ju's ear is tied at 2 to 2
This time, I'll take a short break and turn around
Maybe, if Rishi becomes a player, Mega
The fact that I came in so short is that I decided to come in even now. Yes
Now, if it takes this long or that long to move, it's moving. Right.
Yeah, I got it underhand and I like it. I'm Jung Yoon-joo, who approaches big and big. Jung Woo Young is also serving towards Kim Hyunkyung
First of all, I would have chosen Jung Yoon-joo, but as the direction went, Jung Yoon-soo was so open as an offensive step That's right. Jeong Yunjoo who goes backwards
Oh, I'm out of line, but I definitely need that strong serve from Jung Yoon. Yes
Jung Yunjoo scored 4 points in today's game
The first mistake came out. This time, Mega has a good 69% success rate for one mistake today The serve is good.
The under is unable to lift and hit. Let's ask for a chance ball. Lerman's Sp
In fact, Heungkuk Life Insurance didn't predict that, but when we talk about it, Yum-min says it's definitely a speculation. That's right. He completely deceived 6 players into Heungkuk Life.
That's right. I didn't expect Jeon Yu's pitch at all. That's right. The 5 to 3 score is a two point gap
No. 6 Shin Hyun-kyung passed this time, and she jumps and goes to the left. One-stop Yoo Seungjun
This was the same situation, but Lee Kun-ho's pass painting was completely noticed by the yellow player
As it scores again, director Jung's court atmosphere becomes brighter. That's right. Wow, Jeong Kwan-jang changed completely after overcoming Game 3. That's right. Let's move on after getting hit with the best. Left 2nd base Kim Hyunkyung Tink
Yellow light bagger frame. I'll throw two pitches from the back
I turned it over with both hands. I heard that Charles Four's Liger is running.
Compared to Heungkuk Life Insurance, which is getting very difficult to connect, Director Jung seems to score now without knowing something with each ball that goes up. That's right. This is the difference in mood. Actually, Bukirchi's
Even before the central rear-end attack, he could pass the life bike tag, but he hit Mega.
I have it.
Mega created an ace hoping for Kim Yeon-kyung. This is a situation where the atmosphere of the articles of association gets better unconditionally. This is the articles of association that completely grabs the momentum today. That's right. The score is 8 to 3
It's a situation where Jeong Kwan-jang, who set the mood once, is not in the mood to present it at all. Yes
Heungkuk Life Insurance, which was not likely to lose until the 12th round, but the atmosphere has subsided a lot now. The atmosphere of Jung Kwan's court continued from the 2nd to the 4th round of the regular league
It's similar to the atmosphere when you win 13 games in a row. That's right. Mega and Bukris' one-ter punches really bother the other team
Oh, there was a bullying that I couldn't do. That's right.
Coach Ko Hee-jin's mega ace, who clenched his fists, roared loudly when he burst. Everything's going well for the other strikers and defenders, but yeah
If you look at today's game so far, it seems that it's probably a battle between serve and receiving. That's right. Isn't it the most important factor in every game of volleyball? That's right. It's basic. Let's listen to the reservation together. It was a powerful serve in front of men's soccer
It became a practice. Scoring Kim Hyun-kyung
There's nothing to eat. Jeong Kwan-jang players, Kim Hyun-kyung is also making goals, and Heungkuk Life Insurance seems to need to change the overall atmosphere on the court. Right.
Kim Hyun-kyung succeeded in a side-out that takes it in a straight line toward the low banquet line. Four to eight pitch sub-receiving Jung Hwan, go left to see through. I'm going to defend the players. The 2nd one is to the left
Kim Hyun-kyung is ready for paint and Baek Geon-tae, Okurich push Kim Hyun-kyung. I opened the left side. Kim Hyun-kyung's Tig
I've got Muntari back from the salt. Yeah
I like Kim Youngjae
right
Kim Hyun-kyung's defensive concentration creates four more points because Heungkuk Life's Kim Yeon-kyung is in the avant-garde. That's right. In a really difficult situation
It's Kim Hyun-kyung, who plays the ace role. In a way, it's Kim Hyun-kyung's lost list, right? Heungkuk Life, which is trailing by 5 to 83 points, is strong. I don't know if it's this car
Well, the strength of the serve is really strong right now, and now the bookies and yellow players are all getting it. That's right. At this point
If you turn a little toward Pyo Seung-joo, you can see an effect. Yes, if so, we'll have to see when Heungkuk Life's servers will win or move to the target of the target serve toward Pyo Seung-joo.
Throwing the bagger tab means that the open paint ball connected behind Choi Seung-joo in yellow is alive. In the background, a megahit and a light cloth scores the National Assembly. To the court
In the middle of the National Assembly, we're talking about pancake defense
I had a lot of thoughts about whether to press it or not on the bench side, but yes, I passed by and Bukiri catches it again. Shin Hyun-kyung's pancake movement was right here.
Shin Young-kyun is really not shy either. Yes, it's exactly on the back of my hand. Yeom Hye-sun changed her breaking position once more. "Flow High" came out on the side. Kim Hyunkyung
So if you look at this, Kim Yeon-koung clearly has a better eye for the entire court than others. That's how broad Kotivision is. Right.
Bukiri is on the straight side and Park Eun-jin is in the center, so we choose the longest course. Yes, I stabbed deep into the fifth spot of your opponent's court. 6 to 104 points
The light cut is clean while sleeping. Mega... I think it's time for Mega to
The viewers can't help but admit it
Coming to the 4th round of Champ, 7 games
Even though Director Jung has been playing for 13 days now, he hits like this. In fact, we played 7 games in 13 days and pressed 5 sets
This is a very murderous schedule.
Jung Yoon is shaking after giving and receiving.
Park Eunjin succeeded in the big dig on the left
Shin Hyun-kyung passes it, but this is a catch ball. It was a catch declaration. Now, after the breaking, the ball kept going back and forth between the two players. Yeah
Referee Kang Joo-hee declared a catch. That's right. Then, including Suzy Kim
Heungkuk Life Insurance players asked if it was a catch. Right.
You can ask the referee as much as you want.
I'm the director of Time Out Avondaga.
Guys, calm down. It's not good at all. It's too fast
Heungkuk Life Insurance suffered an injury during the regular season, but yes
In terms of the weight, it might not have been a more critical situation than it is now. Yes, two players from both Boli teams got hit a lot. That's right. 12 to 6 Shin Hyun-kyung at Park Eun-jin's number
It's time to watch Kim Hyunkyu
Anyway, Kim Yeon-koung is at the center of it. Yes, even now, Kim Hyun-kyung's time-based queer pen with a fake fastball, so in the hand of the saltwater center
It doesn't touch at all, and yes, it's Kim Hyun-kyung who is holding the RBI well. That's right. It's Kim Hyun-kyung's Su. 7 to 12
Yellow
The reception was shaking. Mega turns this ball over in a row. I'll get 5 bounces. Off-spike yellow digs
the left side of the salt
Okay, I went out. line-out perm room
First of all, it's a welcome score for Heungkuk Life to score by shaking the serve. That's right. In a way, I think we need this kind of attack the most. That's right. Jeonggwanjang's time out defense is good
Just connect it a little more. Just connect it well. You have to soothe those balls well. If you're in front of me, you hit me and hit me again.
Yeah, you can't shrink. Just hit me without fear. If you see me like that, I'll add paint. Okay
Director Ko Heejin has to talk about the connection
Mega also looks like he's scoring quite well
Bukiris is also in good shape, so if he only comes to the inside
They judge that they have the power to stick with the other brokers now. Right.
Actually, we called the players and we couldn't do it today
There are a lot more things that work better than that
The players also kept their spirits alive. Oh, of course. Yes
It's Yum, so light bagger Taeye
It's cheating on the grilling player.
In fact, in the third game the day before yesterday, especially when it became a serve situation, there were several mistakes in invading the line. That's right. This is the part. When I scored, I stepped on it and the players got a little cringe
There is, but you have to be careful. That's right. The atmosphere of 9 to 1 is over by 3 points in an instant. If it's Kim Hyunkyung's car, it's simple
It's going to rain. Kim Dae Kyu
In the end, I said it was a battle between serving and receiving
The most welcome serve ace is coming out now. As expected, today's game change is Kim Hyun-kyung.
Now, this is the articles of association that begin to cause anxiety little by little. First of all, Heungkuk Life Insurance is properly applying the brakes to Jeong Kwan-jang, who was doing well. Hoyoung is in the middle while sleeping
I told you earlier that Jung Woo Young is showing a lot of performances at the championship
It's not just a score, but in a situation where the atmosphere is sinking, such a score is bound to be quite welcome. With Chung Ho-young's open score, Chung Kwan-jang Redes Parks completed his team course career set success of 2,000 with No. 4.
Song Yunjoo got yellow from behind
Oh, I'm going back to the salt. Jung Ho-young's banging.
It's not that these balls aren't good at defense right now, but Tutuk has to fight back
It's Heungkuk Life Insurance right now that the atmosphere hasn't been continuously rising. What we need here is
It's continuity for Heungkuk. Right, the most important thing is
Scoring. Yes. 14 to 10
Good score, Lai
Next to the serve ace, it's a serve ace that really raises the atmosphere where the serve ace of the yum-gi could be turned off once again. This is Jeonggwanjang who wants to go to Incheon.
I stabbed Shin Hyeon-kyung exactly in the back. Now, it's a banquet ship where there was a serve ace in Game 3, and we're starting one more time. Let's go again with 15 to 10. Shin Hyun-kyung's bony pipe is long
MEGA'S CONNECTION EYE BALL HEARTS TO DOKEY RICH IN FRONT AND LIGHT 1 IS IN THE TWO STEP OPEN SPYZA LINE. Toot 2... Right now
Koo hit the RBI perfectly. It's 11 to 15 now, passing by Jung Ho-young's fingertips, catching an RBI even in a situation that can hardly be caught by blocking. Yes. Great ball control
I'm showing it to you. Now, Jung Ho-young is a fairly high breaking player, but it almost passes upward. Yes, Kim Suzy's defense is 11 to 15
Oh, two pitches. This is it. When the yellow player's reception was shaken, how many blocked points did Heungkuk Life make? Now, it is going in that direction. Right.
In the end, I changed Park Tae-min. Heungkuk Life Insurance's Kim Soo-jin and Yeom Hyun-seok came from behind with a 4-3 victory in the blocking fight
I'm hitting it. Pocky-ri, it seems like the flow is coming, but in the end, he's not handing over the atmosphere at all with the power of Jeonggwanjang's attack. That's right. The score is 16 to 12 Jeonggwanjang, who leads by four points.
I changed it to Park Hae Min as soon as possible
However, the serve went to Pyo Seung-joo, not Park Hae-min. That's right. First of all
The direction is... Heungkuk Life Insurance players
I'm trying to move the yellow Bukirich player, but yes
Of course, it's not that I'm not shaking, but it's not a situation where I get a lot of damage from the team. Yes, because of that
Heungkuk Life Insurance players' attack on this serve
So far, so far, we haven't seen much effect, but we have to see that as well. Peach has calmed down a bit in this set
That's right. I can't see it anymore. Yes
Mega 11 points, Kim Hyun-kyung 12 points,
9 points for Dokiritz, 7 points for two talk
So far, both teams'
The flow of points to the main and second attack options is similar
Not only Peach but also Kim Soojin
Heungkuk Life should move more actively in the middle.
That's right. If this is the case, it was a battle between serving and receiving
Now, after hitting the serve, I'm going to do breaking
It could lead to a battle of how much this attack is brought down. Right. I shook up the strong expectation class. This ball was handled with the left and left foot, and behind the chance ball's powerful underland connection
It's a touch-out mega. Of course, Heungkuk Life is unable to come up from Heungkuk Life's side and its receiving was not even connected, and the number of chance balls is increasing
Director Jeong's connection is so good right now. In a way, it's the biggest difference between the two teams today in the fightback situation. Right, we're moving on. Timing
The atmosphere of the chairman of the consecutive scoring tennis team also crosses this set a lot. Heungkuk Life Insurance Time Out Out Out Out Out Out Out Out
So each team has their own
If you don't get good points
The opponent has no choice but to continue to aim for that gap. The first part of volleyball is serve
If you look at the weight of the serve, Heungkuk Life is much more
It looks weak without knowing. The articles of association will continue
As I shake this Shiv while targeting the opponent, there is an atmosphere that seems to be a little sagging without knowing. Kim Hyun-kyung receives it and goes to perspective 1.
I'm the one who did a good job of breaking pitching resources
Lee Eonwon and Choi Taehoon might go for the ball right now
There was, but it makes a score with paint. Today's match here at the setter
How do you see the centripetal movement?
I'm not sure. Is it because the reception is a bit shaky
I don't see much overall play. Right. I opened it with an underhand and turned it over with consecutive strokes. Chanspo Heungkuk Life Insurance Co., Ltd
Move, move, attack. That's right
It was Peach's 3 points in this set. That's right. First of all, the serve receiving is shaking strongly and one more point is added, but in the end, Heungkuk Life's most necessary consecutive points are now out. That's right.
If you can lock up Jeong Kwan-jung with 18 points or 19 points now, Heungkuk Life can keep up. That's right. We're going to Yeom Hye-sun's maxi. The sale is correct.
This is a situation in which the players of Heungkuk Life Insurance can't help but be mean to Megal even though we are looking from the top. Yes, that's how perfect it is right now
The pitch player completely rolled and moved to catch the mega player. Yes, it creates a river behind the attack line. Even in the third game the day before yesterday, there was no physical change until the first and fifth sets. That's right. This
I heard it. I'm glad for now.
One of the biggest options for Heungkuk Life, which is taking a breather, is that pipe in the middle, and yes, it's blocked the net now, but anyway, breaking has that kind of speed that you can't catch up with. Right.
Ttuk's Pipe Attack Scoring Successful 15-19 and game changer Park Soo-hyun came in.
Kim Hyun-kyung returned to No. 4 position in the electric field. Yes, the serve is good. Sub ace, parqui
If you do this, you have to cut off the flow. Yes, time out, Jeonggwanjang. It's okay. He's going to drink a bottle of water right away
I told you. YEON KYUNG's two-took is short, but the rest is just hitting hard
Think of it as hitting hard and floating it, and let's hurry up and connect the caba. So we only need to be careful of the people we need to be careful of. There's a net that you can get quickly. We have to watch it together.
He's going ahead, but director Ko Heejin said, "If the atmosphere goes beyond this
I thought it might be a little hard. Yes, it has to be a game changer
Park Suhyun gave this aces
I stopped the flow once again
On his way to the championship, Park Suhyun made 3 serve aces
That's right. In a way
He's the most powerful player among the one-point servers. It's not easy. Coming to the championship, three sub-base is not easy to say. It's really not easy. I've changed the course of Park Soo-hyun. I shook the receiving and the light is big
This goal is the third best export.
If the atmosphere of consecutive scoring spiders is strangely rising toward Heungkuk Life Insurance and Park Soo-hyun's serve is shaken once again, we don't know what the atmosphere will be like now. Right.
That's why the role of Seo Bae-jo is so important. Yes
Park Soo Hyun's 3rd serve in a row is good. Life was pulled up from behind the opening because it was yellow. Cho Seong-joo will hit you. Iru
Pyo Seung-soo really makes one point that's not a waste even if he gives 10 points. Of course, director Ko Hee-jin's expression is also talking about that. Right, this
If he went to Heungkuk Life Insurance, Park Soo-hyun would serve one more time, that's right. There was a one-point difference. Yes, but Kim Hyun-kyung is ready to the left of the third Mega by three points. Mega to Kiri Chedi
I passed it. Shin Hyun-kyung
The two sides are also out of the left pen line. It's a regrettable mistake to attack Kim Hyun-kyung. The first ball... Shin Hyunkyung is facing back too far
The connection was burdensome, and Kim Yeon-kyung's attack angle was burdensome. That's right. 21:17 Ah, it was a very important sunning point a little while ago. Yeah. I did it. This is the spy point
I really try 5 if like Jung Kwang Hwa. Yes, I think Tutu's pipe attack today is more powerful. That's right. And in Game 1, in Game 2, in Game 3, there were actually nine rear-end points. Yeah
After the patch came in, Choi Eun-ji came in. 18 to 21
You get caught in Choi Hyun-joo's serve-ah-net. If this happens, it's bound to be disappointing.
Choi Eun Ji is disappointed
Since Jeong Kwan-jang has 3 points left, let's strengthen Ahn Ye-rim's height
I'm going to put up a fight once again, and if this happens, Tutck's rear-end attack may be attempted again. That's right. It's Park Jihyun. Let's run on the big left course. It is pulled down to 9 keys in the middle of the yellow pass.
I'm successful. I'm not sure about Panya Keroue. First of all, it was judged to be a little dull now in the attempt to counterattack, but Heungkuk Life's defense line was not reorganized. Yes
Since we're all moving together, there's no maintenance. That's right. That was the cheering director, Ko Hee-jin. Part 2 of the 23:18 Pyo Seungju No.6 is ready for a short time difference. I saved it
Kim Hyun-kyung's time difference scorer is really good. Yes, I can't see you just eating it. Actually, my back is really not in good condition right now. That's right. Kim Hyun-kyung also dug into the gap well.
Pyo Seung-joo gave up his seat in a hurry, but it was a ball that Mega couldn't get. 19:23 Lee Gwon's third
Yeom Hye-sun pauses and passes it over. Chanspo Heungkuk Life Insurance's Baek Si-wi will also shut down. Oh, I like it. Too much
Let's make a big attack
If you can hit her like that inside, because Yeom Hye-sun's knee is a bit uncomfortable right now
It's quite difficult to position the defense. That's right. You can see that the movement that's coming out right now is late. Yes
It's 20 to 233 points
I shook it briefly. Raise your underhand and hit the air tag in a row
Let's open Shin Hyun-kyung's light battle with two blocks
There is a special zone. This set is not over yet. Of course, Heungkuk Life can be turned upside down. I'm director Ko Hee-jin asking for a video review. Well, first of all
It's a reading about the in-out. This is a strong will to cut off the flow of prediction once. The articles of association team requested a video review of the in-out. Choi Sung Kwon's assistant referee is also
Director Ko Hee-jin said it was an in-out, so I just came here laughing. Anyone watching over here can do it. Yes
But you have to look at the slow screen. I have to watch it. Yes, I closed one eye and it was confirmed as In. So I can see everything even if I close one eye. Of course, right now
As soon as I told Vice Premier Choi Sung-kwon, I called the players right away. This is also a mausoleum of operation. Sure. So what's the flow? twenty one to twenty three
Toki Rich Banquet Line Left Two-Step Off-Spit Nagani For Out. an attack error
I tried to stop the flow once, but in the end, the atmosphere is moving back toward Heungkuk Life, and I didn't see your effect. Heungkuk Life has scored four consecutive points and has now followed under its chin.
Yum Hye-sun Okiritz's Bain after receiving Lee Go-won's Servi Ovind
Exclusive Blocking
In the end, Heungkuk Life's background will be used. If you make deuce in this set, there is Kim Hyun-kyung on the potential side of Heungkuk Life Insurance, so four defenses have a chance to take this set. That's right.
The second set of Game 3 the day before yesterday was also 36-34. In the prefecture, where the Middle East was big, it was passionate. That's good. Flight mate, life fibre, ta-ma
The Incredible Turnaround of Korean Life
Once again, I'm doing a video review of Brooking, but I think it's still a lot off.
The articles of association team requested a video review of the block quota out. The mood of the court is completely on Heungkuk Life Insurance's side.
You can see it already Yes, as a result of the reading, it was confirmed as no touch. There are no video readings of this set of articles of association. This is why I can't leave my seat. Of course. Heungkuk Life's strong point
It's a really miraculous three points. That's right. It's 24 to 23
I saved it. And my personality. Oppen to Davy
Chas 8 chance to end Heungkuk Life Tracking on the left
This set is
It was in that atmosphere together, but there was Park Eun-jin's right hand. There's a game like this. My right hand is moving a lot.
Kim Hyun-kyung, who couldn't get up for a while. I think it's the first time I've seen a scene where Kim Yeon-kyung is so disappointed this season. Now, Kim Yeon-koung was going to finish it completely. That's right. The game is deuce
The left part here
After slander, Walt Kata was cut off. Promoted
The first point, "Where Carver," was very good at concentrating. Yes, in the end, Kim Yeon-koung scores. That's right. Kim Hyun-kyung's eyes are changing again. Yes
In a way, Kim Hyun-kyung's eyes were like this in the fifth set of the second game. That's right. I want Kim Hyun-kyung to show us. Kim Hyun-kyung's serve continues.
Shake it short and back attack mega rebound. Kim Hyunkyung, Park Goeun, and Lee Goeun
Yellow pass again, rear offensive defense.
Run and turn over Kim Soo-ji.
This set came from behind to win Heungkuk Life.
The atmosphere that was completely over was Heungkuk Life Insurance's serve ace Park Soo-hyun in the middle. In the end, Heungkuk Life Insurance, which has a strong brewing, takes this set of moods.
Championship Game 3 and today's Game 4 I can't believe it. You're playing an incredible game together. It's Daejeon.
Logain Foam This is the hair loss management so far. Logainform's hair loss management treats hair loss with an itemized hair patented foam type. Beyond scalp care, log-in foam as a target hair item
Heavy morning uncomfortable day constipation tonight with Makin herbal ingredients soft with Western medicine ingredients quick pleasant refreshing exhilarating constipation
Opportunity to meet DB Direct if auto insurance is due.
DB Direct has a special contract for safe driving and discounts up to the number of steps, so if it's due, it's enough to walk for a long time
It's not physical strength. It's fly high. I'll go first this time, too. Clycic K2
Kim Yeon-kyung and Heungkuk Life showed a really crazy performance to the extent that I can't believe they gave up the first set so weakly. That's right. The second set seemed to be over until the second half
Oh, the power of blocking is starting to come out. Yes, Tutck blocked the last scene and eventually took this set, but Tutck scored 10 points in the second set alone. Yes
Besides, Tutuk is a player with really good blocking hand shape and timing. That's right. It's very good. If this happens, the atmosphere will be
If Heungkuk Life had moved on to the second set, it would have been the flow of today. Yes, it's balanced now, so if you look at it with concentration, Heungkuk Life
I think they'll focus more. That's how it's shown. When Heungkuk Life, who was following the 2nd set, was four points apart
You're going to move on to the articles of association This was the situation. That's right. A lot of fans probably thought so, but there's a lot of atmosphere where one-time volleyball is completely overlooked by something that you can't see. Yes
Heungkuk Life won two more blocks in the second set and three more blocks. That was the only blocking by a two-timer. Yes, only in the second set
It was Tutck who scored 10 points including these three blocks. It's almost like this set was made by Tutteuk.
Rep. Cha Sang-hyun is
What's in the second set of this championship game? I don't know. Yes, the deuce is still being made
It's that kind of situation. Yes, first of all
Now, the athletes are
The balance is right now. Yes
It was definitely a promise for sub-receiving
I predicted that I could make a decision in attack and breaking, but at the end, I caught him with Tutck's breaking. On the other hand, as you can see, this set
The attack rate after 20 points is only in the single digits
71% 44% 28%
It kept falling vertically up to 9%. That's right. The attack that used to be popular
Volleyball is another difficult thing to score like this when you start to get stuck.
The set score was 1 to 1
I'm going to do this
It's a bit big to say that the game is back to square one. That's right. Now
Heungkuk Life is coming back with a chance that you almost lost
It seems that you'll be able to concentrate more. Director Jeong said, "Anyway, these difficult times
Didn't you pass a lot and advance to the championship for the first time in 13 years? Yes, let's just take this opportunity
There's a really tight energy between the two teams that shouldn't be handed over. And to coach Ko Hee-jin and Jeong Kwan-jang
To be honest
Second round match at Samsan, Incheon
You have to learn from the game. That's right. Of course. So, the lesson is that we're going to end up with Game 3
It was a big driving force in catching them. Yes
Then, today
As you can see, the lineup of both teams remains unchanged as to how the third set will develop in the fourth game. First of all, I don't see much reason to give changes. Yes, in a way, both teams are going porous. By all means.
Set score 1 to 1
Heungkuk Life Pink Spires Kim Hyun-kyung's serve, who wants to win the trophy here today, are all behind. a mistake on the serve
It's a bit disappointing because it's a strong attack and Kim Yeon-koung's serve.
On the other hand, will Chung Kwan-jang's Fokirich son, who wants to take this series to Incheon This number does not correspond to this number.
Even now, Thai players often throw pitches and taste their hands properly. Yes, I have a good sense of breaking. The timing and the shape of the hands
How should I say this? It has the shape of a hand that can bother the other person. Choi Special Zone player has the most blocks in a single individual game, but he already has five today. That's right.
Kim Suzy, are you getting pushed back? Yes, there's a time difference in the middle of the banquet
Jeong Ho-young, I thought Kim Soo-jin's serve was a little delayed, but since he has a tall body, Bookies took overhandle. Yes
It was the first attack mistake of Jung Ho-young, who felt sorry for Jung Ho-young, 2 to 1 point difference between Kim Soo-ji and Jung Ho-young, who served consecutively. Short five runs and a RBI single behind the South Line. Long
It's going to hit and fall. More touches have already been made before that. That's right, but Kim Yeon-koung looks at the ball and pursues it until the end. Yes. Heungkuk Life, the fault of Touch
I made surfing. Yes
I touched the net on my way down. Jung Ho-young, who tied the score of 2 with an underhand, is ready for success. After BB, do I connect and out hacker directly move on?
Jung Yoon-joo is not sure about direct key. If the timing wasn't right, I could have made it a chance ball again, but I was in a hurry.
After the rebound, you drill with one stroke. That's right.
Mega Jung Woo-hyuk's sub-body is bent to receive it. We're going to Maxey. Waterweed
Now, Cho Deuk-gu even sets the offensive tempo after a few breaking have been caught. Yes, Lee Goeun will move quickly and put the backpass blocker on top of the backpass blocker
The service of the Tutuk super-special zone shows accurate control and is refracted by one stroke. Yum Hye-sun is low
Now, Jung Pyo-sung was falling while receiving serve reception, so there was no option to attack on the left. Yes, you lose it accurately and the pitch player puts in the salt accurately. That's right.
Peach's Blocking 4-3 Cotco No. 6 goes to Bukirich Maxill. a hard-hitting player
And to the left, JUNG YOON JU
It's a decision. Yes, it's the fault of the touch. We just saw the flow of the ball from the top, and we saw Choi Sung-kwon's respect for the net shook accurately. That's right.
He's touching it as he's coming down. While the reserve ball is already floating, Jung Yoon-joo's touch net error is 4 to 4 tie No. 5
It goes to the pipe, not the movement attack. That's right. Oh, I saved it. It's a loss before you know it. Let's move on. We have a rally to believe in. Yeah
Request a video review of the mid-rally.
The Heungkuk Life Team has requested a video review of the defensive success failure. I'm the director of Abondaji who wants to see if it's a flow touch or not.
Right here
When Bukirich makes pancakes, two players stretch out together and this happens again? I've never seen a pancake like this before. I'm not sure
I've seen almost one-handed, but I don't think I've seen the four players stretch out together toward the ball, but there seems to be no gap in the middle. Senior has been identified as a defensive success. That's right.
This is a synchronized pancake. I think I've never seen something like this before. Me too, I was baking one pancake and there were two frying pans in it. This is really
Coincidentally, there are so many things to see before the championship. That's right. The 5-to-4 score is a 1-point gap between Mega and Lee Dong-guk.
Even if it's strong, it's not just strong, it's really strong. That's right. It has a high RBI rate.
Yeah, you have to be careful Player of the year, you shouldn't have any more pain. That's right. Kim Hyun-kyung, you can't miss this because of the direct kill score. Yes
Since there is a soft spot center in front of the continuous scorer, he catches an RBI and scores lightly. Yes, Jung Yoo-jin's spinning serve eventually creates a score. Yellow player is getting ready
I've been side skiing a lot. That's right. Jung Yoon-joo is getting hooked a little longer this time. The line on the left side of the 3rd line
Park Eun-jin will put this up and go short in Yeonhwa. Park Eun-jin's rebound play back attack is over the limit.
Shin Eun-kyung's Two Star Open Paint Hig
Park Eun-ji turned to a straight line.
Three players got tangled up together. First of all, 2P-gyu caught the ball while falling, so Jung Yoon-joo and Shin Hyun-kyung missed the call sign. Yes
Of course, the ball was on top of the body again. Pitchers Shin Hyun-kyung and Jung Yoon-joo are tangled in one place right now. That's right. The score of 6 to 7 is a one-point difference. Swabi
Take it underhand. The time difference is on the left
If you go up like this, it's almost 100 points with white hair. That's right. The score is 8 to 6 Heungkuk Life Insurance leads by 2 points. It's Chungmu Gymnasium in Daejeon.
Compass of Korea's Health
Korea's First Stomach Health Double Formulation Will Peony
I'm going to take care of my stomach's health
As expected, it's an outpatient on the top. If you're curious about MG Saemaul Geumgo insurance
Meet anywhere in our land, from big cities to small towns. MG will be with you wherever you need insurance. MG Saemaul Geumgo Insurance to Customers
The score is 8 to 6 Heungkuk Life Insurance leads by 2 points. Heungkuk Life Insurance won an incredible victory in the second set
I was so shaken, and now I think I'm back with a Heungkuk Life-like performance. Right, the scariest player is Kim Yeonkyung. Yes, we did the 2nd set
At the end, he said that Kim Hyun-kyung's eyes are changing, but that's right. Kim Hyun-kyung's eyes have completely changed. Yes, at the end of the previous set, Kim Hyunkyung's facial expression was
In the fifth set of the second game, Lee Go-eun, post everything to me from now on. That's right. It was the same expression. He's saying he'll take responsibility for it. That's right. A player with 8 to 6 is a 2-point difference
I handed it all over with my fist, and I can't hit it with my hands behind me. Booky paint drips to the left from Chansco vasculitis. Both teams
I got one chance each time, but both teams couldn't connect. All right.
It's Kerch, who's putting the exquisite paint on it, so this can turn the mood around. Yes
I really can't predict until it's over. That's right. Park Eunji is on the sod
Jeong Hyeonju, left of the mouth
You have to do it and pass it over. Take it as an obindra and bake-out time mecca in Yum
The connection is not working well all of a sudden. Yes, there was a powerful rear-end attack of mega. It looks like both teams need to calm down a little more.
You have to be a little more calm. That's right. Jeong Kwan-jang, who almost won the game, lost the set, and Heungkuk Life Insurance caught the set that was all. That's right. It's shaking. Heungkuk Life, which is shaking now, has risen.
I do. Kim Hyun-kyung This is really the dedication of Lee Kun-ho. I moved almost 5m and 6m and curled the under eye really well. Yes, it was really a pass to throw your body.
Kim Hyun-kyung has to repay this right away. Right, Kim Hyunkyung who roars out loud is 9 to 8 points
Take it by hand number 5 and go behind the banquet line. I got Life Live. I caught it. The left side cloth goes to Kim Hyun-kyung's team. Kim Su-ji's regular pass height was low. That's right. It's JUNG HOYOUNG
I uploaded it, but it was a bit rough. Let's go with figures. He was a pitching player who couldn't swing accurately in the end with a low cookie-rich ball, and because he had a heart, he was a Kokki-rich player with a ball attached to him
The one that got stabbed was actually scored more. So throughout this series, director Ko Hee-jin told Bulkich to deal with it quickly only from the top. I'm talking about this. It's the most effective. Yes, Yeom Hye-sun's defense vs. ball tie
Jung Yoon-jun, Rishi-gu Jungwon is better. Good. Blocking
a reverse shot
If Choi Tae-ho can't attack because it's not connected, so now we have no choice but to choose Kim Yeon-koung on the left.
If Mega and Jung Woo-hyun notice and move in the front, Kim Yeon-koung can also feel burdened. That's right. It's a successful articles of association.
Yeom Hye-sun and Jung Yoon-joo are shaking. You have to roll Kim Hyun-kyung. Yes, Kim Hyunkyung, who hits your left side at Ewha Womans University
Upload from outside the end line. It is judged that this ball bouquirich was not hit and was out. First of all, the defense was connected and the connection was good, but it is clear from Pukirich's side. Request a video review of the block touch.
Joo Deuk-guk once signed it from the Manjang team that it was not right at all. I requested a video review of the Blockco touchout.
Let's take a look.
On the straight side, the two-took angle seems far away. It has been confirmed as an oh-touch.
Director Jung has one video review left in three sets.
The gap between the two teams is neither narrowing nor widening, as if it will open 10 to 10 more. That's why I'm in the fog. Yes, Kim Hyunkyung's serve
The direction of the hukiruchi paint has changed from the piker to the back.
The pitchman was hit by the hand while coming in and broke it again. That's right. The ball was higher than I thought, so I targeted the paint. Yes, I read the players who are breaking up and the pitching players who are defending, but at the end, I changed my direction. Yes
It bends against Kim Soo-jae's hand. Good. Shin Hyunkyung
a ticket holder
I've already judged that there's an intensity since I passed the serve. Yes, I watch the video about Aha Overnet. That's right. Director Avon Danza requesting a video review of Overnet. Byrne
It's a touch net. Touch Dongkuk Life Team requested a video review of four Touch Net touches. It's a touch net. At first, the signal came out as overnet, but I want to see the touchnet.
When Pyo Seung-joo handled it directly at this time, it was confirmed that it was not four touches at all.
I've already seen the net shake a little bit before that. Yes, I think the word "two teams are tight" is definitely correct. That's right.
Now there is no video review of Heungkuk Life in the third set. Let's rent a car to the left for two minutes.
The offense's fault, Jung Yoon-joo, and Abonja, need to cut off the timing now. Time out. Oh, I like the pliers here
It's not swimming.
There are people who can't hear Amondaza's voice
I called Lee Go-eun separately. Yes. I called it separately and it took almost 1 to 11 operation time. That's right. The score is 13 to 18, which is manager Avon Danja. It's going to be about allocation, after all. Yeah
This is why the setter is difficult. That's right. It's a 3-point difference, and it goes right in. I got it.
There was such a timing for carrier Heungkuk Life's point player direct kill, and there was also a timing for Yeom Hye-sun to receive the center when it came over, but this was another two-point difference.
This is a loss that Director Jung should not give. Of course not. Lucky Score Heungkuk Life. 11 to 13 points is Kim Soojin by 2 points
I get it as O-Bind and open it and go to Maxi. Mega Blue Car Anyway, the flow almost went over again, but one Mega player had a good side-out. Yes
Tu Deuk-gu tried to catch it by changing the breaking position, but Mega's attack was strong. That's right. 14 to 11. If I couldn't turn it around here
Director Jeong's mood almost completely sagged. That's right. The damage of this set is intact. Yes
From the previous set, Shin Eun-ji seems to have completely relieved this burden. Strong defensive tie-ticking didn't make a point. a reasonable person
This is a bit
Is it a matter of flow or concentration? Well, it's the second time the articles of association, including the number of runs that you can't give out a little while ago. That's right.
Hey, if you come back, this could be a really painful situation. Right, it's 12 to 14 in Tutu. So, the game is weird
You might think that Heungkuk Life might catch it if you concentrate a little, but yes, this is more burdensome for Heungkuk Life. Right. Of course, there's a mistake on the serve at this time. That's right.
I watched it while lowering my head. 2 High School's left side Jung Yoon-ju Blocking Tader Battle
Light by Cotech. I'm the one. This goes to the pipe, not the moving attack. Shall we go again? Light by Cotech will be taken. I'm going to ride the floating cover.
Yellow
Mega Pass
It's been short.
It's a bit twisted.
Jeong Yunjoo's straight line
Lime
One of the referee's video review requests was out, and in the end, referee Kang Joo-hee makes a self-read.
We have to. The referee has requested a video review of the in-out. The referee's judgment was a little bit as difficult as the performance of both teams. It's important. Yes
Look. This barley
It falls here. They came in. Yes, as a result of the supervision, it has been confirmed as In. I have to admit this Of course, it was a scoreless course. That's right.
Wouldn't it be the most perfect course for a striker? If you can hit something, you have to hit everything over there.
I'll ride the yellow Lissy garden light back girl
I'll score. She turned Park Soo-yeon's serve at once. And Park Suhyun's defense went to the right direction
Without control, the articles of association come up with a side-out at once. The articles of association are leading by three points. It's Daejeon.
We say this when our minds and steps are light. Lalala Light Step
Light with overwhelming lightness
Welcome to the spring of Nordisk High Nordisk
We are with commentator Cha Sang-hyun at Chungmu Gymnasium in Daejeon.
I think this series is really good for every game
in the midst of a heated game
I think today's Game 4 is
I think it'll be at its peak. That's right. If you look at the flow of the game
I can't take my eyes off the feast. Yes, the articles of association have overcome one crisis. That's right. 16 to 13 Park Suhyun
Lee's left spear pen's flag bearer's dig yellow.
I hesitated and turned it over. 3
I handed it over with my fist and caught it. I'm the receiver. What's this ball on the left? Move on
I don't.
I don't know. I just touched the ball right next to referee Kang Joo-hee. I'm sure it's a matter of physical strength for both teams
Or it might be a matter of flow, but the connection is a little unstable right now. If you did this much, there would be a physical burden. Of course, I can't say there isn't, but it goes up strangely. Switch
When I was able to catch the good timing, there was a difference that it was a mistake after the two-two. So it's the same situation
Korea Life Insurance continues to be given opportunities, but it's making mistakes on its serve, right? Jeong Kwan-jang is not taking the opportunity to run away due to his own mistakes. Soon, the performance of both teams in the three sets is actually not good. That's right. Yes, bone piper tae
Fluke out pitching is fast. The rebound was good, but he couldn't catch the defense. 15/17 Lee Donghoon who makes perfect setting play. Yes
Jung Ho-young's right hand was right and he was out.
the services of a science and engineering school
The serve ace, if this serve that's been done so far, I wouldn't have been able to set the tone. That's right. Time out, Jeonggwanjang
Now, listen to me first in the game. I mean, there's a flow of games. They're here now. We're here too
Don't scream. In this case, if we want to make the mood as loose as possible, don't share it. Slowly, one by one
It's the first time I've heard about director Ko Hee-jin's story during the operation time.
First, the atmosphere
The coaches of both teams must know. There are many opportunities coming
Because I couldn't take advantage of that opportunity, coach High School now talked about this kind of operation. Yes, in the end
Just because you want to go quickly doesn't mean you can just go with two or three points.
Do you mean that the other person doesn't want to fight with you just because you're fighting? That's right. 16 to 171 points
I was defended by Yeom Hye-sun's light biker. I moved on. I passed it. Park Jaehyun will receive it and go to the left course of this song. Kim Hyun-kyung
I got hit by the equalizer breaking and came into the court, too. I should have scored quickly when the direct came over, but Jeong Kwan-jang's players are hesitating now. Yes
Now, Kim Hyun-kyung penetrates the gap accurately. 17 to 17 Tie Heungkuk Life Insurance's Choi Seung-joo trying to revive the memory of this set
I thought there would be a stonemason in front of me
Jeong Kwan-jang, who cut the flow once and was leading by 2 points and 3 points, is now only one point apart. That's right. If you turn the side-out, it's tied again. Yes, 18 to 17 Yeom Hye-sun
There is a score for sub 1 today. I like Kim Seok-kwon. Kim
This is Kim Soo-jin, who makes the first attack score in this difficult situation. Based on my career postseason game, it's my 52nd game
It's the best record ever, and the first score came out now. This was my first attempt. Yes
So this is a pretty good signal for Heungkuk Life. That's right. Park Suhyun fell into a bright smile. He's done his part. Take it from the front and Doki's t-shirt behind Yang Hyun Suk
It's touch out. Now, the player extended one hand well while moving, but if this seems to work, it floats inside the court and even connects. Yes, you can't hold it
So I went towards the antenna where there was a camera. Right
Oh, it stretched out well. It was Lee Go-eun who did her best until the end. Bukirich's sub Shin Hyun-kyung, the opponent's guard touch out Kim Hyun-kyung sitting behind Yvonne
The number of pipes in the middle is Lee Go-hoon, who continues to increase his share in this situation. Yes, since this is a score, I keep trying. Right.
Kim Hyun-kyung's pipe option 2 is taking advantage of the pipe attack option of the special zone. a tie of 19 to 19
Kim Suzy
Yellow
We're going to Yeom Hye-sun's Baek-si. Mega is bound. Kim Hyun-kyung's underhand pass light zone was received by open spike Yeom Hye-sun. Or we got Macca Luke again
Heungkuk Life's breaking power comes back in an important situation. Time Out Chairman Chung Gu
You've been connecting me for months now. Why aren't you trying to connect me? Why aren't you trying
There's no problem if we do well and the game goes on, but we keep doing weird things
Why are you so distracted? Focus
Don't miss the ball
From the standpoint of what I'm doing, I'm not trying to avoid it. Yes, each player has an element of anxiety, and it's a situation where when and how fast they shake it. Right.
As the connection continues to fall, it is certainly true that the players have increased their subprasiri. In a way, coach Ko Hee-jin pushed the players the loudest for the first time in today's game. That's right.
Heungkuk Life Insurance's Kim Soo-ji's line to turn the tables
Pyo Seung Ju and Yeom Hye Sun
Heungkuk Life Insurance has scored consecutive points. Now, the players on the court need some maintenance. Yes
If you hand over the atmosphere by mistake, there will be no more opportunities. Actually, when you go with this flow, there's nothing for director Jeong to do. Right.
I ordered it suddenly. Take it underhand, put it back, and lose
Kim Hyun-kyung saved it, and Lee Go-eun jumps. And we're going to play two soccer games. You have to dig it out of the salt again
There were stonemasons and Jung Hwa-young now, but the pitch player only saw the mega player, but he couldn't catch it. Yes, Kim Hyung-kyun's defensive concentration is good. That's right.
And Mega 20-21 Lee Sun-woo, who hits this, just came in, and he decided that he needed a shot at Ye. Right, Hoyoung
Kim Hyun-kyung receives it and goes to 100 o'clock. I'm ready to throw. Mega's pass, Lee Sunwoo. It's me on the left. Lee Sunwoo, Shin Hyunkyung, dg, and left Jung Yoonjoo
The tie-breaking blocker is now the two fights between the two teams, attack or breaking. There's really a game like this. You can't catch the flow like this.
It's the performance of both teams that doesn't seem to fall over. Mega's tie blocking
Kim Hyun-kyung is going a little back. And a big blow
A Dutk player who puts one-broke and completely pierce it now. The 22 to 21 player goes back in.
Coach Amonanza, who is ranked first in this match, has to fight back when Pyo Seung-min attacks somehow. Shin Hyunkyung took a good look. Yes
You've fallen into a position where you can't turn it over. Tu Yeon-kyung, who was guarding the rear
Open One Tynd and Jung Kyu Hyun's show Open Spy is good.
Now, since Yeom Hye-sun has some pain in her knee, Park Eun-jin opened one-blocking. Yes, it creates a touch-out by rotating it again. And it was Yeom Hye-sun who fell behind Park Eun-jin. That's right.
You can get the most out of your way. I did the bagger track because it's light It's coming from my hand
Coach Shin Hyun-kyung and Kim Hyun-kyung saved both hands. Park Eunjin opened the pass paint
Even in this urgent situation, the Yeomhaeop Center can put pass painting. It's really Kang Xinjiang. Wow, I tricked everyone. So
Oh, Shin Hyun-kyung was noticing that she was having a hard time and couldn't get a seat. That's right. Yeom Hye-sun, who asked for a calmer play, is going to tag a lot. the third baseman of the crown prince
And Pyo Seung Joo is second.
Heungkuk Life Insurance's 3 points It's a pipe attack with every important point exploding. Wow, players from both teams are
It's exerting superhuman abilities. That's right. Lim Hyerim is here. Can Choi Hyun-ji be the last sub right now? Lim Hyerim for exclusive use
The serve is Choi Eun Ji and Heungkuk Life Insurance's 3 sets of 3 points
I shook the yellow one. In the night, the spy is open with 2 left letters
Following the out set, the three sets also go deuce. First of all, Lee Myung-hee was changed by Lee Kyung-hoon, and he got the height right, but in the end, Ubiquirich penetrates it with his power. Yes
Lee Hyerim is out. Since Kim Yeon-kyung is on the left right now, there is a possibility that Bukirich will come this way.
Time out is breaking. I think this will be the highlight of today's victory. That's how it works.
So, if Yeom Hye-sun's center is in its current position, he may target Kim Soo-jin and poke the paint briefly. Yes, if you can't receive it
It's a situation where you have to break through the breaking of Kim Yeon-koung and Boogie Richie Jung Ho-hyun with your power. Yes, 24 to 24. It's Jung Soo-jin's serve, which is very important.
Jeong Suji came in. Give and receive each other in a low position. Kim Hyun-kyung
I caught it.
Auburn's home room. Auburn's home room
I'm director Ko Hee-jin asking for a video review.
The articles of association team requested a video review of Obanet.
The initial decision was overnet. You have to see the moment when it's heating up.
It's actually okay to get heated and go over your hand. Yes, how about watching it from here? This is Court Boli's hand
After being hit by the hand, it doesn't matter that the hand goes over to Heungkuk Life Insurance. Yes, we have to look at the point of the neck-and-neck race. The player's right hand
When the ball was touched for the first time, the reading confirmed it was over-net. Yes, the initial decision will continue as it is. I did. Yes, this is a situation that we have to accept, right? There is no video review of the third set of articles of association.
Both teams now have only the referee's video review alive, with no video review. That's right. Yes
Heungkuk Life's Cell Point 255 vs. 254
Lee Gu, Seung-jun, Yeom In-seok, Jung Woo-hyun. In this situation, Jung Ho-hyun's time difference comes out.
Wow, you have a strong heart. Yeom Hye-sun has a strong heart, and Jung Ho-young has a strong heart. I used Jung Ho-young, who could have contracted, once more. It's the best seat. from the perspective of the articles of association
25 to 25
The pen on the left here
Kim Hyeon-jung
This is why Kim Hyun-kyung is called Kim Hyun-kyung. Yes. You know how to break, but you chase after it, but you make it the longest course, regardless of whatsoever. Now, he's the first to score 1,000 points in the postseason
It's Kim Hyun-kyung. Now, you even made a really good record of yourself, and it's amazing. the harvest of Kim Hyun-kyung
After making a thousand points for the deuce postseason again, it's a mistake, so it's a shame. Yes
Twenty-six vs. Twenty-six Amodaza: I'm sweating. Deuce wins are similar to both teams. No. 5 is short, and left is Jung Yong Jun. That's right
If the flow has passed, we can't help but talk about breaking. At some point, we change the atmosphere with breaking. Yes, let's check out Hoyoung's exact timing
There's a lot of left hand coming in. Is it three millennia of Jeong Ho-young's Jeonggwanjang, who is heavily surrounded? Oh, the serve went in for a long time. Curl to the left, pull it down, and grab it. Jung Yunjoo, the brokers of the articles of association
Mega moved his position because he thought he would choose to throw. Yes, it's Lee Kun-hoon who was reading it correctly. Choi Hyun-ji is out and Peach is back. It's a tie again.
Kim Soo-ji's serve is also important for the 27th to 27th serve. Once again, Lee Seung-gi came to the second defense. the water front of the seat table
Heungkuk Life's Kim Suzy's serve timing is really fun, but if you do that, the standard player
Rather than handing it over, it's a situation where you have to float it and have a fight with breaking. Right.
Kim Soo-ji, a Heungkuk Life Cell, Scores of Tutuko Covering in an avant-garde position
That's right. It's not on the left, but it's going into the fall.
Out Information Jung Ho-young and Yeom Hyun-sun use the time difference in a surprise move. Yes, right now
The time difference works with Jung Ho-young in the second half of the third set. Tu Deuk-gu was moving to go to the three-groove game, but he got caught in a dynamic game. a tie of 28 to 28
I caught Young's short defense match to match. We have a chance to turn the tables. I caught a hundred guns, a rookie, a rich man. Jung Eun-joo will upload it. It's Jans Ball. From the back
Mega connection. The ball
I'm going to hit you. Mr. Cha went in
Behind Ha Hyunjin, a one-on-one fact mask
It's out.
Pyo Seung-joo's judgment was good. I was thinking about whether we could score or not, but both teams are sweating. How nervous can we be? No, I'm doing it next to the broadcast right now
Commissioner Cha Sang-hyun's forearms are all sweaty. That's right. Yes
29 to 28 points are at a loss. Director Jeong's three points
the inside
I'm going to take this really picturesque back-to-back from Jagoeun. you would have thought that it was a good opportunity. Yes
A tutu player makes another score, right? That's right.
the service of two to four
As Floki's reception went overboard a little, I thought it would go to a fastball, but the pitch player is quick to notice. Yes, director Ko Yujin is disappointed
So when the ball sticks, Park Eunjin needs to take care of it faster That's what I'm talking about. That's right. 30:29 Two-took serve is good. I shook it briefly. He didn't become Risp. Pyo Seung-joo
Wow, Pyo Seung-joo made it. I can't help but admire it. Yes, 30s and 30s are really lucky. This player
Are you the one who came as a reward player? I think so. Number one, number two. Move back. Attack
Peach's mistake
Well, first of all, it's because there's no video review.
Well, once again... How should I say this? It's a disappointing part. As I said, I used all three sets for both teams. That's right. Even if you want to write a video review, there's no more. That's right.
I'm going to take advantage of it and go with Jeong Hyeonju Jung Yoon-joo, yes, you're wrong. Okay, I'm taking it. I'm the winner. Kim Hyun-kyung and Ji Hyun-joo are going to go. Jung Yunjoo's paint connection
The location of the moving attack is up. The bookie location is all three bookies. It's a three-set game that doesn't end as if the offense is going to end. Both teams had chances in the middle
So this eventually became a Tooth from a mistake. Coach Ko Hee-jin must have expected it to end now, but how far are you going?
Jung Yoon-gyu's service fee is short. Let's pick Yum Minseop's bag
Now, the burden of the attack is broken again to show your position accurately. That's right. Cache Blocking
The pitchman who won eight blocks in the third game, but now you have to be careful about the rotation serve rather than the strong ball. Heungkuk Life Insurance's three points Jung Yoon-joo's defense
You have to do a self-review But Peach's expression wasn't very good.
The referee has requested a video review of the blockcotter chow.
If this didn't fit, I would have stepped down. It's strange.
That's the most nerve-wracking reading of today's game. That's right.
Oh, yes, it was confirmed as Kim Hyun-kyung's right touchout. a four-megapixel score
Have you ever watched a game like this, Senator Cha Sang-hyun? Oh, I think I won while watching the broadcast on the spot. It's so much fun. I don't think there's ever been such a championship in the men's and women's divisions.
a sub-missive ticket winner
Peach Dawn's serve is important. Yes, today's 10th patch, including 5 points for blocking
Yellow
Are you going up to finish?
I can't hit you. Jasball Jungtae's round is out again
It's like this again. Yes
So it was good to change the breaking position, but the players behind you should even know where the striker above you is. That's right. Director Ko Heejin and Mega's high-five
Pull out the sub X. In the end, it's pressure. We are all sweating right now, but Jung Yoon has to overcome this receiving. Here we go again.
If director Jung's point doesn't work, Shin Eun-kyung should cover it quickly. It's lagging. Line-out mistakes
I think the third set won't end. Now, I've secured the tie for the most points scored in the first set of the championship game. That's right. Yes, first of all, right now
Heungkuk Life Insurance has the highest breaking height because Lee Kun-hoon fell into the rear, but that's right. It's beyond receiving. Here's the chance, Kim Hyun-kyung. Kim Hyun-kyung, non-regular banquet hall left
That's right.
It's Heungkuk Life Insurance, which can't take advantage of a single opportunity. The winner of the second set of the 3rd game was 36 vs. 334
It was Heungkuk Life. Yeah. Now, if there is a Yeom Hye-sun center on the avant-garde side and now goes to the rear side, rather, the highest braking was made by the leader Jeong. Yeom Hye-sun's class drops by three points in the articles of association.
Jung Yu-ji's receiving was shaken and he got hit by Denise
Yeom Hye-sun setter got it right again. Jeong Kwan-jang, who suffered a perfect reverse defeat in the second round of the championship game
It was paid back, and the game in Game 3 was the same score as the set of 36-34 defeat. This is Chungmu Gymnasium in Daejeon.
Why do you think a Dodram is the first place? Experts who keep the freshness, find the best taste, and match all tastes. The first place to make a Dodram. The taste that I like. A Dodram
It's a perfect age to see the second child in an era of prolonged youth. It's the perfect age to get a new job.
Insurance plays a longer role for your longer youth. Samsung Life Insurance Co., Ltd
Since the day before yesterday, commentator Cha Sang-hyun and I have been broadcasting as if we don't have any vocal cords left. Yes, I say it's like that, but it's like that. Yes
Well, I'm a volleyball player and I'm commentating now, but I'd like to express my gratitude to the players of both teams for showing such a great performance at the championship
That's the kind of situation I want to do. That's right. You saw three sets of short stories before another all-time championship game. The final score is the same as the 2nd set of the 3rd game
How much pressure do the players overcome this pressure? Jung Yoon-soo eventually gave two receptions, and the set went over, but yes
Heungkuk Life has a chance of winning when it overcomes this pressure. Now that Jeong Kwan-jang has figured that out, he will continue to harass Jung-yoon when the fourth set comes in. That's right
Whether you're bothering me or overcoming the pressure and doing the cover is important now, but in the end, it's confidence. In Ian's most important moment, he shook the ace Jung Yoon-joo of the Ness estuary
Today, Jeong Kwan-jang of the game is winning five points as a sub, Heungkuk Life Insurance is winning three points as a sub, and he is winning seven blocks and 11 blocks as a sub. Are you holding out
It's a fight whether to attack. After 6 years, we won by 1 game. When we played 3 sets today
The players of both teams seem to have poured everything they have, but they still have it. That's right. I said this in the 3rd round, but now all the players who are playing against both teams
It became the moment when the mind dominated the body. That's right. Jeong Kwan-jang, who leads with a set score of 2 to 1, is entering the fourth year of the game.
This is Penn Baker here. The yellow light transfer is the price. In the Eotae Cover Yum
Hoyoung, two-step open spot again
That's right. The atmosphere is again Jeong Kwan-jang, the first goal of the fourth set, so it's inevitable that the atmosphere of Ye will not go up because he's a mega player. Right, the articles of association
There's only one set left for Ae to go to Incheon. That's right. Let's keep going. It was my goal, and the pie in the middle is low. Kim Hyun-kyung
But Kim Yeon-koung's view of the court
It's wider than others. That's right.
I think it's better to take it out in the middle
I knew it was the best course. That's right. It's a better and shorter ball, and it's a more accurate score. Yes
Kim Soo-jae's serve is one to one. Heungkuk Life must lead today's game to five sets
The serve is good. It's coming over. Agar connection to Avenge Songki
This person's 100 o'clock is good. Oh, guess what
First of all, Tutank scored by choosing a fast play in a straight line.
But until the elementary soccer player hits this quick opening
There was no preparation step for the attack. That's right. First of all, targeting the serve
When Kim Suzy hits a serve, I think she scores the most points
That's how it feels. Right. Heungkuk Life is leading 2 to 1
After Pyo Seungjoo gets it, Nam Hyun line's left time difference
Where is this going? Yes, I didn't get broken at all. It was also a time difference between the mega-player who cut about 1m short. It feels like it's passing by. Yes
I really don't think Mega athletes get tired. This ball is inside the left side of Jung Yoon-ju's life. I was wondering what Jung Yoon-joo's attack would be like when I came up to the front
First of all, the burden of receiving, which hit the third set, seems to be a little less. Yes, three to two. One point difference, two to four. Abay
It's stronger. Take that out to the left of seat number one
I'm ready. I saved it. Let's go with Jung Hyun-joo. Oh, team ball
You have to survive like this. The Science and Technology Center, which has a connection to Choi Tae-hoon, who had a good defense of Heungkuk Life Insurance, had a good 4-2 defense
Exactly, Jung Yoon creates a two-legged score. That's right. It's a really picturesque under-link. JUNG YOON JU pulled it out in a perfect straight line
The stooge is short. I saw JEONG WOO YOUNG and it shook. Oh, my arm
I'll raise it. If you're going to sell the floca, catch it. I still have power.
Mega player is amazing. That's right. Director Ko Hee-jin calls the setter of the banquet hall and talks to him separately
Jung Ho-young's defense was 3 to 4 short. I already got the wrong serve mistake in my hand.
No matter how hard you use the dragon, it won't go over. It was decided as soon as I got hit. Yes, director Ko Hee-jin is also disappointed. The serve is Jeong Hyeonju
All right, let's dig in a long way. The serve is good.
Park Eunjin's push score. What's this? Park Eunjin
Do you want me to do a video review?
This is a request for Avon Terminal Director Touchnet requesting a video review. First of all, the placement side gave me an autograph to endure it, but Sung-guk's coach, Avon Danza, finally sees it. You have requested a video review.
Park Eun-ji also has a strange expression. Yes
What does it mean? Should we look at this expression? Park Eunjin scratching from the top, stopping and coming down
It has been confirmed that the lime is not my touch at all. Wait a minute. As you said, I was a little dissuaded from the bench. On the bench, I gave an autograph to the coach, saying, "I don't think it's right."
That's what I wanted to do as a tree groom. That's right. Two choices are done by the director. Of course, it's Shin Hyun-kyung on the left side of 20 and Kim Hyun-kyung on the big side. It sounds good.
I'm going with a calm performance. Yes, Senator Choi Sung-hyun also said that we need to find coolness. Right, Peaches Wag
The rounder hand connection ball falls back on the ticket holder.
Mega's right back attack. The netting space is too big. That's right. Maybe it would be better to use it while fitting the breaking in this case, but it wasn't exactly wrapped in my hand because it was too far out. Right.
Mega's attack error 7 to 4 Tokiruchi Yeom Hye-sun is on the left. It's a rebound. Blocking cover. A long pipe in a bagger
Light 2 pitches, short left Lee Hyun-kyung and Kim Hyun-kyung
Now, Kim Yeon-koung completely disappears the opposing defenders by playing with the ball and paint again. Heungkuk Life leads with a double score of 8 to 4. It's Daejeon.
Compass of Korea's Health
Korea's First Stomach Health Double Formulation Will Peony
I'm going to take care of my stomach's health
As expected, it's an outpatient on the top. If you're curious about MG Saemaul Geumgo insurance
Meet anywhere in our land, from big cities to small towns. MG will be with you wherever insurance is needed. MG Saemaul Geumgo Insurance to Customers
the day before yesterday
On the day of the third game
3363 people were with us today
3,405 fans are with us
Excuse me. I'm sure this ball is a disappointing game to miss today's game. All right.
As we're in the fourth set
Chief Jeong Kwan-jang's attack rate is 40% right now
Heungkuk Life is 75% now. Yes. Heungkuk Life Insurance, which has a fairly high attack success rate. That's right. Heungkuk Life Insurance's Peaches Abe is overwhelming with 8 to 4 in the fourth set
Exhale and nervous. Pyo Seungjoo open ball to the left
Kim Suzy. It's a five point difference. Are we going to the final again today? I don't know the result, but little by little
It smells good. That's right. Director Ko Heejin who was looking at this situation
the Old Master
Yeom Hyun-seok Back Attack Straits Paint Lee Min-sun Goes to Back Attack Pig Night Bagertec. Mega-straight attack mistake
Well, I'm not sure. Maybe it's a situation where I'm handing the mood over to the other person. Yes, he's cutting off the flow. Time-out articles of association
Swing, swing, happiness
The drum needs to sling. Since we have a serve
You just have to follow it step by step. Don't rush into one side, but you can go if you think about catching one on two. Yes. One by one
I told you. This set isn't over yet
This is the beginning of the fourth set. Yes, it's 4:09 now, so the players have been playing for almost 2 hours and 10 minutes. Yes
It's a much longer time when you start preparing for the game and warming up. That's right. It came out almost an hour ago and the players started warming up, so yes, it's 3 hours and 10 minutes. That's right. From Beaver Spy Fate
He's so experienced. Yes
Even if it's a short setter, Yeom Hye-sun's pass paint catches the opponent off guard when he's in an avant-garde. That's right. First of all, he's looking at the empty seats that well. Yes, we usually joke around
It's said that your eyes are on the back of your head, but that's what it looks like now. Choi Seungjae's own money
Pushing in the second-tier comrade. Let's move on to the left, Kim Hyun-kyung. Chance Ball Jeong Kwanjae Levant
It was rolling and falling on the court and being hit by the net, but it got to a position where I couldn't defend. Choi Dong-gyu could have moved if he had that much rebound
It's also seen as having a lot of energy. Right. That means your legs don't move well. 6/10 combination point-by-point receiving shake
I can't hit this cheek. Oh, it was short, and the cover of Yeom In-seon's Levertek Attack was put on as a lifestyles this time. This is Kim Suji throwing her body behind her, inside the line of Kim Yeon-koung
He's really good at setting the attack tempo. Yes
So now, the setter didn't post it, and it wasn't a normal situation. Yes. You have to align it as if you were jumping in place and deflect the breaking. You have to look at the defense, too. Kim Yeon-kyung is good at volleyball. That's right.
I got a mega-piercing from the number one spot to the light by ball. All right. You're a great player. Yes
So, the players in both teams are Kim Hyun-kyung, you're the player, but what kind of atmosphere the players create at some point has a really big impact on the team's atmosphere in the end. Right. Park Hyunjin's defense
It was Shin Hyun-kyung Yvonne. This is fan Kim Hyun-kyung.
Dukiewicz was almost in fourth place right now. That's right. I was on this side, and Jung Woo-young only looks at Kim Yeon-kyung in the front, but the four angles are too deep.
Kim Hyun-kyung, who is showing a huge price, blew the rundead pass spike in the yellow kite of Pokirech Kim Hyun-kyung, which was not able to float even though it was overindicated. Bookletch
They are Jeong Kwan-jang's players who judge that they should not allow any more points, and if they are four points apart, they are still in the top four points. Of course, Heungkuk Life needs to earn a little more here to run a stable four-set game. Yes
the sun's ultraviolet rays
I was in a bit of a hurry to start with the toss of the serve mistake. Thirteen-to-eight, so the best place is when Yeom Hye-sun hits the serve, and if it fails, Heungkuk Life is grateful. Yes
From the 5 point difference, Kim Suzy's serve, Kim Suzy's serve order came. That's right. It's the opposite situation. It was too floating in the garden in the middle of Pyo Seung-ju's Yummi Line.
Behind Kim Hyun-kyung's pass, hit, spy tee, and change, there are three block condet touches in front.
It was a good opportunity for Heungkuk Life due to the opposite situation, but another time, the cider went back anyway. That's right. That's Kim Soo-jae's serve. Right.
From the serve of both teams, Kim Soo-jin's sub damage Yeom Hye-sun's sub damage seems to be the biggest. Yes, Tokiri Chess Abe No. 2 is straight.
Tutuku's outside swing was really deep right now. That's right. If that doesn't hit you sensibly, there is a high possibility that it will go outside, but yes, I used my wrist well. It sticks to the line. That's right.
It goes to the opening of the Tutko member, who took almost the thinnest side of the ball as if he was beating it out of the way. Kim Hyun-kyung and Jung Yoon-joo
I am doing.
Heungkuk Life Insurance is running away one more point. Yes, I'm getting more and more stable. First of all, Heungkuk Life is fortunate that Jung Yu-joo is doing well in the fourth set. Yes
I thought the three sets of receiving damage would be the biggest, but I overcame it on my own. That's right. Seo Bin, Yeon Woo-sun without a first-pitch rotation. We have a rear-end attack on the center. Song Hae-rin
If it happens, it's the articles of association that you have to prepare for the 5th set. Yes
Now, which player will dominate this flow perfectly?
At times like this, the crazy player should come out like that. Shoe shot the side five minutes ago. a mobile gun and a light-out home thread
then
As it goes wrong on the side, Shin Eun-ji has one more sub-tempo. Yes, in the end, it's a 4-point gap again. That's right. If it's 11 to 15 letters, you can also aim for the middle pipe.
Shin Eun-ji's continuous serve, Kim Hyun-kyung, and the goal of moving the facts
All right. Mega is ready. From Yum to Mega. the greatest number of consecutive goals
Now, when the rebound was already made, Mega was almost perfectly on the offensive step. The Yeom Hye-sun Center delivers it accurately. Heungkuk Life Time Out
So, the part that manager Avonjada keeps talking with veterans is that he's following the 4th place
So, when Lee Si-woo came out from the front, give it to Peach at some point or because it's clearly different when Fife and Kim Yeon-kyung were in the middle and when Jung Yoon-joo was in the front. It's a promised play
I think that's a little off. 12 to 153 points, 3 consecutive Sua was shown and shook. Jeong Yun-ju is ready to the left. Shin Eun-ji tk is eliminated. Choi Seung-joon
That's how I got hit. This is out. Right. Blue car
So, from the angle of attack, if the blocking doesn't fit like that, it can't bounce in the opposite direction. As long as it's white-colored
You must have fallen on the court of the articles of association. It fits your right hand and the angle is completely bent.
Now it's 13 to 15 points apart by two points. Whether you hit it or not, you hit it more forcefully.
It falls at the other end here.
Too big. I took a breather. The score is a three-point gap.
We say this when our minds and steps are light. Lalala Light Step
Light with overwhelming lightness
Welcome to the spring of Nordisk High Nordisk
The score is 16 to 13 Heungkuk Life is leading by three points. In a situation where the double score was wide, Jeong Kwan-jang's pursuit continues. That's right. First of all, Shin Eun Ji is preparing to be replaced
We have narrowed the gap between 5 points as we came in to 3 points. Park Soo Hyun is taking another chance for Heungkuk Life Insurance
Whether one side-out turns here or Park Ji-hyun's serve timing gets longer, the current flow may be the most important situation. Right.
Park Soo-hyun's serve servo performance is perfect. Oh, the serve goes in well. It's long behind both lines and it's over
Mega, the pitch really followed well. He turns Park Soo-hyun's sub turn at once. That's right. First, let's take a breather and it's a two-point gap again. Yes. A mega that spins diagonally
Now, he blocks Kim Young-kyun's right hand and hits the pitch player's hand. Yes, Megase. Yes, the flow wasn't right, but we're moving on. Bloke out, two, one ball that you cut in Daejeon
The pitching player helped me tremendously. When I entered the back of the attack line
It went in zigzag steps from side to side. That's right. Now Lee Gu-won completely lost his balance as his receiving faltered. Yes, and then the cheeks that I pierced briefly
I used it as a step
You really take your swing neatly. That's right.
It's underhand, and it's light fiber. Mega
It works. This angle and this strong attack is still possible to this day for a mega player. Yes. Mega really doesn't seem to get tired.
The flow may be bad, but yes, I'm not tired. Good serve goes in as you hit it. Left
The same goes for Kim Hyun-kyung inside the line. Yes, because he's Kim Hyun-kyung who's been through all the prenatal and aerial battles. No matter how much pressure the other side puts
Kim Yeon-kyung can handle the ball as long as it comes up accurately. Yes, the children's guest in this ward
Yellow
In Yum, Tokirakech scores to the left. Like the 3rd set, director Jung is coming in at the 4th set, but yes
Looking at the current trend, we can catch it anytime. Also, Heungkuk Life has come to the point that it can run away at any time. Right, Park Hyunjin 16 to 182 points
I'm going to go to these pants on the left. In the front, there's a team class
I caught him. Now Bukirich is a little... How should I say this? The jump was fast, but it wasn't the right timing to go up, so I got caught in the brewing. Yes, I'm very drawn to it because I'm going up and down.
Two-to-avoid-locking. It's a breaking of two-to-two players who can't miss it again. Yes, 19 to 163 points, Heungkuk Life is going to the side-outback as it wants. That's right. Kim Hyunkyung
Yellow
I opened it with my underhand. After hesitating, raise the key with chance ball No. 2 left and Jung Yoon-joo's underhand, go to the left. Oak
It's noisy. Rather, the dull drop scored four more points. I don't think bookies players are tired right now.
It bends against Kim Soo-jae's hand.
Yes. Long touch out Kim Hyun-kyung is overcoming the crisis with just one side out of the Yeom Hye-sun center. Yes, now it's Kim Su-ji's sub-tempo. Oh, it's also expensive. That's right.
This is director Ko Hee-jin, who requests a video review at this time by a score of 20 to 173. Both teams have one operation time left, yes
Jeonghan Yang's team requested a video review of the player's foul in the future. Video review request for later player fouls.
Yes, it has been confirmed that it is not Kim Hyun-kyung, who was going up very well.
The coaches of both teams seem to want to break the opponent's flow in some way. That's right. Heungkuk Life Insurance, which has to lead to 5 sets with a difference of 20 to 173
Kim Hyun-kyung's successful attack rate in the fourth set is 88%. Yes. Kim Suzy's class
three rounds of the yellow banquets
So, Kim Hyun-kyung slowed down a little in the first set and started to concentrate, and is now making the highest score in the team. That's right. Rookie Ritchie's serve with a 2 point difference
Kim Hyun-kyung gets it, Vigo, and Jung Yoon-jae to the left
Jung Yoon-joon is also fully revived in the fourth set. Yes, I'm Jung Yoon-joo, who's going to score 12 points now. I like Jung Yoon-joo today.
All right, 66% success rate of 4 points. the third of the most special zone
Here's Jung Woo-young. In the middle of touch time, Jung Ho-young's attack keeps getting caught by the pitch player. Yes, yes.
Now, the receiving is still shaking, and the pitch player was moving to catch the mega player, but now that he's here, he can't choose the exact location. Yes
19-21 Jeong Ho-young, the chief of the articles of association, who still has an opponent within the range
Tutuq Ja Tutuq is still alive. Yes, it creates a very strong attack. Twenty-one, so when players start to focus on doing it
You're trying to attack this hard. That's right. Jung Yunjoo's "Aso-ed"
Doran receives it and it's out blue out mega with 100 hours of banquets. After today's game, your players will probably
You'll be exhausted, but all you have to do is to endure it with your mental strength while playing. Right, 20 to 22 points. 2 points difference
Mega's third Kim Hyun-kyung is an accurate receiving, one point, and second baseman rebound.
I blocked it and put it up. I can't hit Seungjun Koo. It has become a stretching cover for the left side of the pitch that cuts in front of the chance ball.
I'm handing it over again this time. Ta-ball, goal, move, attack. So, when you get a rebound
When Park Hae-min signed the call, Mega should have been out as an escort attack, but from there, the movement was twisted. Oh, so from the perspective of the president of the articles of association, I had no choice but to keep passing it. Right.
It's okay. Hana, Hana, Hana, you said you'll get a chance. We shouldn't be in a hurry.
I told you not to try to catch Blue King Surrey, the worst thing right now
I can't catch the ball. Stay still. Don't wave your hand. Stay still
In the end, it's one connection. One connection is a counterattack, and the counterattack eventually increases the team's atmosphere and catches the set. Yes
That was director Ko Hee-jin who talked about blocking. It's this part. Yes, Park Hye-min caught this part and Mega should have fallen behind, but he couldn't even make an attack. In the end, Mega caught it. That's right. Yes
Choi Eun Ji of Saben
No spin, no spin. Get the life medal
It's inside. It's in. First of all, we turned Choi Eun-ji's serve right away. The score that Heungkuk Life Insurance needs is a tie if the two-point Jeong Kwan-jang grabs the advantage. Yes
Now we have a chance. To the left. Okay
The result is a one-point difference. First of all, Pyo Seung-soo's serve was very good. Heungkuk Life Time Out
You have to catch four sets to get another chance. Right. In the third set, Jung Yoon-soo's facial expression is going to hit the serve side, but if it shakes, we have to overcome it now
I have Kim Yeon-koung on this side, so one side out seems to be done, but your blocking height is now Ahn Hye-rim has gone in to prevent it. Yes
In addition, setter Lee Go-eun is Jeon. As Soobin comes in, he relieves Jung Yu-jin's burden. That's right. Do Subin's Pyo Seungjoo's sub, Do Subin's Recipe Garden, left, play No. 2
So in the end, each of these replacement players is connected to the team's operation. That's right. With Kim Hyun-kyung's score, Heungkuk Life's three points are the beauty of volleyball. Yes
When Doshi-min came in, Jung Yu-jin was out and he made it into a play. That's right. The three points of happiness is
the Shindoran section
Let's go with five sets. Let's check it out first. I'm director Ko Hee-jin asking for a video review. It falls to the back
I caught one breaking, but I checked until the end and asked for a video review of all four touches.
It has been confirmed that Kim Hyun-kyung and Kim Soo-jin are not my touch. That's right. There was no senior team. Then, Dodrami 2024 2025 v League Women's Championship Series
We're going to the final three games in a row. The set is almost over, but the players are playing for two and a half hours. Yes
I can predict it, but no one knows the outcome of the game. I'll see you in a little while. It's Daejeon.
Do you know why a dodram is the number one? Experts who preserve freshness, find the best taste, and match all tastes. 1st place to make a lot of money. 1st place to make a lot of money. 1st place to make a lot of delicious food
It's a perfect age to see the second child in an era of prolonged youth. It's the perfect age to get a new job.
Insurance plays a longer role for your longer youth. Samsung Life Insurance Co., Ltd
Heungkuk Life Insurance Co., Ltd., which has to lift the trophy here in Daejeon today, actually, on the day of the third match the day before yesterday, not only the four Kobo officials but also the Heungkuk Life officials
We set up the winning banner and podium and finished the rehearsal. That's right. We couldn't do it then. Since we don't know how the results will turn out, it's a given that we have to prepare. That's right
The set we need for the fish team is now one set. If the head of Yejeong wins, he will go back to square one and go to Incheon. Yes, if Heungkuk Life wins, the trophy goes to Heungkuk Life. That's right.
Heungkuk Life, who won the fourth set 25 to 22, still showed an edge in blocking. Really now
Even at the edge of the cliff, it's crowded in the last corner. That's right. But as I said before, the players of both teams showed great performance in this championship game
I hope that the people watching will give a round of applause to the players who fought so hard. That's right. It's really mental now. Yes. Mega 50% of attack share of 39%
Kim Yeon-koung is showing her unique attack success rate. When you look at the guns of both teams
Kim Yeon-koung and Mega's attack share is
It's almost the same. That's right. First of all, Mega and Kim Yeonkyung
It's a situation where you can't help but be at the center
Because of this, the two players are responsible. You have to watch it like that, too
How boldly will he try to serve and break the attack in the 5th set
It's that fight now. I hope you don't regret it. Jeonggwanjang Red Sparks has been on the show for the first time in 133 years
the championship series being played
There's only one set left to go to the 5th round
On the other hand, he won the overall title in 6 years
Kim Hyunkyung, who has only one set left
It's Heungkuk Life. It's really in the fog. No one knows.
Let's go to Daejeon or Incheon. First, the first serve is Yeom Hye-sun setter. If this happens, there will be no change in the lineup that both teams entered in the fourth set.
And let's see if volleyball emperor Kim Hyun-kyung's Last Dance ends this series with that wonderful dance move today. Let's go with five sets. a two-ball tie
I think Jung Woo Hyun is
The timing was so right that I said I had been waiting. As you move one step, your right hand goes in perfectly. Jung Ho-young's solo block was caught 1:04 times.
The direction of the serve mistake would have been Jung Yoon-joo, but he couldn't cross the net. First of all, Jung Yoon-joo took a breather. Yes
Director Ko Heejin, director Abonja
It's the same as my lips are burning up. I'm skinny, too. Yes
Kim Soo-ji's So Ah-eun
Pyo Seung-ju Banquet Sun Jung Ho-yong hits you. Successful tee shot, Kim Seokhwan
After the rebound in the important Taigang, the real Lee Go-eun setter put a perfect fastball on the pitch player. That's right. Anilis Peach scored 12 points today
Good. Peach Kim Soo-jin Suavs is making 2 out of 5 fastballs today
Yum Min-seop and Gookey came in.
Hey, it's strong. Now, the current offensive power was enough to bounce off the defense. Yes
Oh, your mental strength is amazing. It's a 2 to 2 tie, and it drops like Dokiri Chess. This ball goes back
It was the furthest place on the left. That's right.
If there was a strong ball from a Bunny Lips player, Tutuk makes a deep angle that the defense can't do while catching an RBI. Yes. Two to two. Three to two
Beach player's breaking will be powerful again today. Time-out full stadium
You hit the ball well. When you serve, let's do it a little bit more
We shouldn't get excited. Let's get excited. Let's do it. Fighting pie. Now, the players of both teams have to trust each other. By all means.
You can't play preparing for the cover. Scenes that you might regret shouldn't be produced. Yes
Both the players on the court are showing the best, or worse, today. Tutuko's Bl
Kim Hyun-kyung, who is doing well after catching the AIDS ball in Yum. Here we go. Touch out
Let's give him a round of applause. Lee Go-hoon showed a really professional side. That's right. He flies to the opponent's bench and runs to the end with his determination to catch the ball.
Lee Goeun, who shows great tenacity, gradually scored 3 to 4 points
Shin Eun Ji
That's right.
Shin Eun-ji kept hitting her serve towards the diagonal player, but did she see Shin Eun-kyung move? You're suddenly aiming for a straight line. Shin Eun Ji's Championship Series draw
It's on the first serve. In this critical situation. It finally exploded. Let's go back in. to a place like tax evasion
Therefore, there is a Korean life, Jeong Yoon-ju. Wow, Jung Yoon-joo has grown a lot. Yes, in fact, if I couldn't turn it here, Shin Eun-ji's wave offensive could have continued. Right.
Jung Yoon-soo takes a break and Park Soo-hyun comes in. Yes, I'm praying for 5 to 4
Jeon Yu-hyun is Park Eun-jin's sub, Park Soo-hyun, Pyo Seung-joo, and spy mega to the back
Now, after overcoming another difficult crisis at once, Park Soo-hyun lost his chance to serve with a side-out at once. That's right.
On the side of Kim Hyun-kyung's avant-garde side, there is Kim Hyun-kyung's pitch player. Mega's service will be replaced. The serve mistake has already fallen too far back.
Actually, this series doesn't fit well with the two-toots during the spike serve. That's right. You have to throw it forward and hit it as you go into the same situation as the attack, but you jumped into place.
Anielles Catch 13 points in today's game and six blocks among them.
I'm moving on. I'm turning it over with pass paint, but it's off the sideline.
Would this fit Kim Hyun-kyung's hand? The number of balls he is consulting with coach Lee Kwang-soo increases. Let's check first. Right.
Request a video review.
Kim Hyun-kyung's video review of the blocker touchout in Kim Han-young's team reached out, but since he has a basic height, his hand comes up to the net.
That's right. It's coming up. Yes
It would be better to see from the back. Yes, if you look here
The reading confirmed that it was no touch. That's right. It was confirmed right before the frame was out. That's right. Yes, first of all, there was no shaking on the fingers of the left hand. That's right.
The miscalculation score of the banquet line is 7/52 for Fitz's consecutive serve
Bukirich Underland Connection One-Step Oh Seung-joo was also hit by the inside of the line blocking and came into the line. That's right. The score difference was 6 to 7
Pyo Seung-soo is now out to the back. It's a fight between Yeom Hye-sun and whether to change the breaking position or not
Now, it gets complicated in my head.
The score is 1 point difference. 12 points today. Park Suhyun. The left wing line
Now, shall we ask for a video review? Yes, we don't do a video review. He's trying to catch it first. Yes, the score is 8 to 6
Change the positions of both teams' courts.
There was already a finger shaking.
Heungkuk Life is ahead by two points. Regardless of the in-out, Kim Hyun-kyung's last attack was already hit by our hands. Yes, it's been decided.
It's a one-point difference. The gap between one and two points continues to go to the seesaw game. Yes, 7 to 8
I'm sure there will be a flow for both teams at least once. Yes
Park Eun-jin gets hit 100 times and moves on. Kim Hyun-kyung on the left side of the second ball. Kim Hyun-kyung
Kim Hyun-kyung has really good concentration. Yes, Kim Hyun-kyung is back in the fifth set mode of the second game.
The score was 9 to 7 Jung Yoon-joo returned to the potential. Yes, without Park Sihyun. Jung Yunju and Kim Hyunkyung's third
Yum Hoi-seon is a dry bar and it's a rebound. I got it. Lee Goeun's number of selections. Scoring
Heungkuk Life Insurance runs away by three consecutive points. Now we're a little closer to winning. If you look at it now
It's a little bit different
We can't play high-ball blocking now after hitting the serve, and we miss all the balls that we can defend on the ball
Why don't you think about Kang Taep? You still have a chance
It's not over yet. Yes. If I get one side out, I'll get two points now. In Heungkuk Life, when he got a rebound
Lee Kun-hoon has to keep the choice of counterattack in mind, and that's right. In the end, Yeom Hye-sun center is in the same situation now. Kim Hyun-kyung's consecutive numbers
I'm going to open the yellow and go back. Life Five Mega
First of all, believing in Shin Hyun-kyung's defense from the back, Jung Yoo-jin pulled the inside a little, but first, he pierced another one with his power. Yes, first of all, we succeeded in the side-out as we hoped, and it became a two-point difference. That's right.
I thought I'd get a chance if I got one point over the hump, but I'll just let it go Heungkuk Life's Time Out
Once again, Yeom Hye-sun hits the serve, so director Jeong's breaking height is the highest brokers.
It's time for Jung Yoon-joo to endure receiving and Shin Hyun-kyung to cover it, and this one serve can determine today's winning move.
Yeom Hye-sun, who caused the most pain to Shin Hyun-kyung, is back to the back-to-back serve of Yeom Hye-sun. Yes, Jung Hyun-joo is shaking. I'm going behind the second ball. Yellow gemstone throwing an odd take
Is it unfolding like this? The game comes back to square one. One more time, Yeom Hye-sun's serve cannon continues. If this happens, the receiving side gets a lot more pressure. Right.
Let's do Sam Hyunsuk's serve again. Shin Hyun-kyung threw two first pitches after this. Here we go. Tybeth 1
There's nothing to be urgent about succeeding in the turnaround, but it's because I'm nervous right now. Yes, Heungkuk Life is in a hurry right now. That's right. Let's continue
It's Yeom Hye-sun's serve timing. 11 to 10 Yeom Hye-sun, let's go again. Blocking again, 2 pitches and 28 pitches. I'm ready.
And the left side, Bookie Rich descendant, twice
The inability to connect Mega's location quickly reversed the atmosphere as Vicky Rich caught Kim Seung-gyu again. It's leaning completely towards the articles of association.
Come out to the right. Come out to the right
The opportunity continues to come toward Heungkuk Life, but it is being countered by failing to take advantage of the opportunity. Yes, from 8 points to 12 points, Yeom Hye-sun is only targeting right now. Right.
You have to endure sub-receiving. Heungkuk Life that has to endure
Kim Hyun-kyung
Your score may be 12 times.
In the fifth consecutive pioneer, Jung Yoon-joo got it all. Trish Jeonghwa is holding pen number 2 to the left. Jeong Yunju
Jung Yoon-joo, who chose the direction rather than the self-defense ball, passed a difficult crisis for now. Now, on the other side
This ball is really important because it's Jung Kim Soo-ji's serve. It's Kim Su-ji by 11 to 121 points. You're watching the all-time championship game.
The song
It's Guki-ru-out with a hundred o'clock. I'm overcoming the crisis once again. Coach Ko Jin reinforces the height as Lee Sun-woo enters now.
Yes
Docky Rich Blue Out Scorer If this happens, I'm not sure. I think Jung Ho-young will go to the bigger side rather than the west wind here. Jeonggwanjang Incheon seems to be getting closer. I don't know all of them yet
The government's partner
It gets closer little by little with the cloth. Now, the center chose a pitch player in the front, but Jung Woo-young did not miss it again and let him rebound.
Director Jeong's Ness Point
First of all, I caught it well and caught it with poetry.
Hit the secondary ball net. 12 vs 14 First, you have two chances. Yes
It's a special zone player's serve
Oh Goeun player Jung Yoonju pitch player, where should we go? 12 to 142 points difference. Two, two, yellow
Now we're dragging this series to Icheon. Hey, this is the kind of championship that volleyball fans can watch until Game 5.
The all-time game continues to be shown. Jeong Kwan-jang, who gave up Game 12, will come to Daejeon, his home, and collapse Game 34.
What if we're having a hard time? With this good performance, the players of both teams are doing their best, and the concentration seems to be better
The pressure of having to endure receiving couldn't withstand it, and Yeom Hye-sun's
As it took time to serve, that one spot eventually made Heungkuk Life sick. That's right. Today's last rally, the last point of the game, the set-up of Yeonhasan, I'm going to dig straight in with a hard hit.
In the end, this match was taken to Samsan World Gymnasium in Incheon, which is now the starting point. The mega player's powerful shot that makes it to the starting point
Now, as we said, the game continues to be a game that no one knows in the fog. Director Jung, director Ko Heejin, and Yum Hyeseon are all yellow
It becomes a series that turns the game to the starting point like a miracle created by all players. That's right. Both teams need to prepare for the 5th game. I think today
Uh, as soon as we warm up after this game, we move to Incheon, and now what we need the most is conditioning. Yes, how do you rest? Eat well and the day after tomorrow
It's a battle about whether to make a good condition in the game
Hey, I really don't know the results now. That's right. A little while ago, Mega's aunt was shown with his boyfriend D.O. Nord Vandrasi, today's game
There are a lot of players to meet. Yes, yes. We want to meet all the players from the winning team, but after the last score
Uh, before the interview came out, my eyes were already red. That's right. It was the mega player's expression when he entered the stadium today, and when he was preparing for the game
When I was playing the game today
The yellow Yum Hye-sun and Park Eun-jin, who really got hurt, and Mega made the last point
He showed a great game today, with 38 points and one serve. Mega scored 38 points today
The attack success rate is 47%. The average for four seasons was 48%, but today's attack success rate was exactly that
It shows the attack in Game 4 of the very important Champ that shows exactly why the No. 1 player is a mega player. Let's meet Mega right away. Announcer Kim Se-yeon. Yes, let's meet Jung Kwan-jang's mega player right away.
Once again, we all made a miraculous victory. At the center of it was Mega. How do you feel about just finishing the 5th set?
Yes, first of all, thank you so much. I have friends
That's why I was able to come all the way here.
My friends believed in me and I believed in myself, so I think I can give you a result like this.
Yes, we've played a total of 7 games in 13 days. We'll cheer up like this
I'm curious about the driving force behind it. Where was the driving force?
Yes, I've been pushing myself to the maximum.
Not just me, but all the players are sick. Still
I think we were able to come this far by pushing our best.
Yes, it's a drama that everyone created together.
Your eyes look red as you come for an interview. Can you tell me how you feel?
Yes, it was so impressive and touching that my eyes were a little teary. I think I was able to do it this far because my friends were with me. I really didn't want to lose, so I think I came this far.
Yes, I think the reason why Mega was able to perform so well is because of his boyfriend's support. Please say what you want to say to your boyfriend.
Oh, thank you so much for being my boyfriend, thank you to my aunt, thank you to my mom at home, and thank you for praying. Yes, congratulations once again on the mega player's victory.
Thank you. Thank you. Yes, we met the mega player of director Jeong.
Yes, not only this boyfriend D.O. but also your aunt was with you today
In fact, the men's v-League championship match ended in a one-sided series with a total of 3 to 0. That's right. Yes, first of all
It's been 13 years since I played in the finals
Because they are the players of Jung Kwan-jang Oh, I think the biggest mental strength was that I couldn't see them raise the trophy at home. That's right. Right now
There's a yellow player who's ready for the second interview. Yes, actually
Yellow player's injury Many players have injuries, but especially on the back of Libero's side, this yellow player's fighting spirit has to deal with a lot of things
If you didn't have any mental strength, you wouldn't have had a hard time winning this second game
He is a yellow player who performed very well to that extent. There's no need for two words. Let's meet the yellow player who showed what fighting spirit is. Announcer Kim Se-yeon. Yes, let's meet Jung Kwan-jang's yellow player.
It's really back to square one. Director Jeong's drama continues.
How do you feel about leading this victory?
First of all, in Daejeon
I promised that I wouldn't end it, but I'm so happy that I can keep that part
All the players worked so hard to win
All right. It's so cool to say that you keep your promise with your fans.
Yellow is running with a severe injury
That's right. How are you holding up every game?
To be honest, I'm enduring while managing my injury
There are other sick players besides me
Rather than fighting, as a whole team
I think this will come out because I worked hard
That's what I think. Yes, it's an answer that thinks of the team.
Yellow player's serve has been focused on Yellow player since the beginning
The share was too big. I'm curious how you overcame it. Honestly, I was a bit shaky today
I'm not satisfied with the game
I'll think about winning today and prepare better for the next game
I hope to see you in Incheon
Let's try to win.
Yes, the yellow player's experience of winning
But after the surgery, he came back and took the lead and won again
I think you'll have a different mindset. What do you think?
I think it's my first time trying this as the main character
I want to do it without any regrets and try to overcome it with my team members.
We're going to Incheon to keep our promise with our fans. Please tell us your resolution for the 5th game.
I didn't regret the 5th game
I want to make it so that I can laugh until the end. Yes, that's a great answer. Yellow player, congratulations again. Thank you.
We met Director Jeong's yellow player.
Yes, megawatti putty and yellow
Coach Ko Hee-jin and Jeong Kwan-jang's players made
It's a miraculous championship game
It's a series. That's right. It's the best championship ever. I think it's really safe to say that. Yes
The mental strength of the players of the fish team
I think it's a kind of mentality that you can only see in volleyball
Now, the game really goes back to Incheon. That's right. This is the last one
I'm expecting a game where I can't back down anymore.
You have to follow your mental strength and luck. Who will be the last champion
I'm also curious about who will raise the trophy.
This season's v-League women's championship series is
Now we're going back to Incheon, the origin. superhuman strength
You're watching a series where the mind controls the body. Commentator Cha Sang-hyun, thank you for your hard work on the news of Kim Se-yeon, announcer, and relief at the site reporting. Thank you for your efforts. I'm Yoon Seong-ho, the call caster. This is the V-League.